Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Pittsburgh founded?
What is the highest elevation in Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Pittsburgh in 2020?
What is the rank of Pittsburgh in the United States by population?
What is the GDP of Pittsburgh in 2022?
What is the motto of Pittsburgh?
In what year was Pittsburgh designated as a Pennsylvania Historical Marker?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the elevation of the lowest point in Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Pittsburgh as of the 2020 census?
What is the rank of Pittsburgh in the United States?
What is the name of the city's major league professional sports team that plays football?
What is the name of the cultural institution that houses the National Aviary?
What is the year when Pittsburgh was incorporated as a borough?
What is the annual expenditure on street tree planting and maintenance in Pittsburgh?
What is the average rate of asthma in children living near industrial sites in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of students in Pittsburgh live in areas exceeding the USEPA's 12 micrograms per cubic meter standards?
What percentage of students in Pittsburgh live in areas exceeding the WHO's 10 micrograms per cubic meter standards?
When was the study conducted on air pollution in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the crowd-sourced air quality monitoring application launched in Pittsburgh?
What is the combined sewer system in Pittsburgh composed of?
When was the sewage treatment plant in Pittsburgh built?
What is the name of the authority operating under Consent Decree from the EPA to address sewage issues in Pittsburgh?
What is the proposed cost of the upgrade to the sewage system in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city's agency responsible for replacing pipes and charging water rates?
What is the name of the company that was hired for consultation by PWSA in 2014?
What is the name of the chemical used by PWSA to prevent metal corrosion in water pipes?
What is the maximum allowed level of lead in drinking water?
What is the name of the chemical added to the water by PWSA to prevent lead leaching?
What percentage of black and Hispanic children in Pittsburgh experience elevated blood-lead levels compared to white children?
What was found to have the highest levels of lead in schools in the Pittsburgh area?
When was the water fountain in Langley K-8 school in Sheraden found to have the highest levels of lead?
What is the name of the company that PWSA terminated its contract with in 2015?
What is the purpose of adding orthophosphate to the water in Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of the student body at Langley K-8 school that is eligible for the free lunch program?
What is the racial composition of Pittsburgh in 2020?
What are the five largest European ethnic groups in Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of German-American in the metropolitan area of Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of Italian-American in the metropolitan area of Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of Irish-American in the metropolitan area of Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Pittsburgh in 2020?
What is the percentage of non-Hispanic white population in Pittsburgh in 2010?
What is the percentage of Black or African American population in Pittsburgh in 2020?
What is the percentage of Asian population in Pittsburgh in 2020?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population was White in 2020?
What percentage of the population of the city identified themselves as Christians in 2014?
What was the median age of the population in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of families and the population were below the poverty line in Pittsburgh?
What was the median household income in Pittsburgh in 2010?
What was the median income for a family in Pittsburgh in 2010?
What was the percentage of the population that was non-Hispanic white in 2010?
What percentage of the population was Black or African American in 2020?
What percentage of the population was Asian in 2020?
What was the percentage of the population that was Hispanic or Latino American of any race in 2020?
What was the percentage of households that had children under the age of 18 living with them in 2010?
What percentage of households were married couples living together in 2010?
What percentage of households had a female householder with no husband present in 2010?
What percentage of households were non-families in 2010?
What was the average household size in Pittsburgh in 2010?
What was the average family size in Pittsburgh in 2010?
What percentage of the population was 65 years of age or older in 2010?
What was the per capita income for the city in 2010?
What is the median income for a household in Pittsburgh?
What is the median income for married-couple families in Pittsburgh?
What is the average household income in Sewickley Heights?
What percentage of residents 25 years or older in Pittsburgh have completed a bachelor's degree?
What is the population density of North Oakland in Pittsburgh?
What is the most densely populated neighborhood outside of the city limits in Pittsburgh?
What are the top immigrant groups in Pittsburgh?
How many residents were forced to relocate for the construction of the Civic Arena in the 1950s?
What was the goal of the Urban Redevelopment Authority's redevelopment of East Liberty in the 1960s?
What was the number of people forced to relocate for the construction of Penn Center Mall in East Liberty?
What is the name of the article where a resident explains their belief that redevelopment plans are part of "deconcentration"?
What is the name of the area where people frequently cite housing units being demolished and replaced by businesses as evidence of gentrification?
What is the annual payroll of the region's technology industries in 2007?
What is the name of the complex where Google has research and technology offices in a refurbished 1918–1998 Nabisco factory?
What is the number of employees at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
What is the percentage of jobs in the region that are in the medical sector?
What is the name of the corporation that is the largest employer in education?
What is the number of Fortune 500 companies that call the Pittsburgh area home?
What is the name of the company that has research and technology offices in a refurbished 1918–1998 Nabisco factory?
What is the name of the refurbished 1918–1998 Nabisco factory?
What is the number of green buildings in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the gas fields in the area?
What is the number of full-time equivalent jobs supported by the nonprofit arts and cultural industry in Allegheny County?
What is the amount of local and state taxes raised by the nonprofit arts and cultural industry in Allegheny County?
What is the name of the shopping malls in the Pittsburgh area?
What is the number of major non-public companies headquartered in the region?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the name of the 116-year-old film industry in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the largest sound stage outside Los Angeles and New York City?
What is the name of the convention that has been hosted in Pittsburgh since 1984?
What is the name of the furry convention hosted in Pittsburgh since 2006?
What is the name of the energy trade show hosted in Pittsburgh since 2009?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's venue?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's venue?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Irish and Classical Theatre?
What is the name of the Renaissance and Baroque Society of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the early music ensemble?
What is the name of the multicultural academy dedicated to the preservation and presentation of folk songs and dance?
What is the name of the largest and most advanced movie studio in the eastern United States?
What is the name of the museum dedicated to the life and work of Andy Warhol?
What is the name of the Carnegie Museum of Art's venue?
What is the name of the Frick Pittsburgh's venue?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts' venue?
What is the name of the Mattress Factory's venue?
What is the name of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History's venue?
When was the first all-African-American opera company in the United States founded?
What is the name of the reality show that is filmed at Pittsburgh's Abby Lee Dance Company?
Who is the artist behind the song "Black and Yellow"?
What is the name of the music venue owned by Liz Berlin of Rusted Root?
What is the name of the heavy metal band that was nominated for a Grammy?
What is the name of the electronic music dance party that has been compared to European nightclubs?
Who is the electronic music artist who credits Hot Mass with her "indoctrination into nightlife"?
What is the name of the oldest, continuously producing theater company in Pennsylvania?
How long has the improv jam "Friday Nite Improvs" been performed in the Cathedral of Learning and other locations?
What is the name of the math rock band that originated in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the punk rock and Hardcore punk act that originated in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the art gallery at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the University Art Gallery of the University of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the amusement park in Pittsburgh?
How many visitors did Anthrocon draw in 2024?
What is the cumulative economic impact of Anthrocon over 11 years?
What is the name of the convention center that hosts Anthrocon?
What is the name of the state-licensed casino on the North Shore?
Who is credited with her "indoctrination into nightlife" by Hot Mass?
What is the name of the first theater built in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the oldest, continuously producing theater company in Pennsylvania?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based playwright who wrote "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom"?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based author who wrote "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay"?
Who is the Pulitzer Prize-winning writer who wrote "An American Childhood"?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based poet who won the 2010 National Book Award?
What is the name of the annual festival that celebrates the city's rich literary tradition?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based restaurant that was deemed "Food City of the Year" in 2019?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates pickles and was named the "best specialty food festival in America"?
What is the name of the University of Pittsburgh's Repertory Theatre?
What is the name of the Point Park University's resident company at its Pittsburgh Playhouse?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University's School of Drama production organization?
What is the name of the Duquesne University's theater company?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based television show that was hosted by Mister Rogers?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based science fiction organization?
Who founded the PARSEC science fiction organization?
What is the name of the annual festival celebrating zombies?
What is the name of the writer's workshop that includes Barton Paul Levenson?
What is the name of the restaurant consulting firm that named Pittsburgh "Food City of the Year"?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates pickles?
What is the name of the dialect spoken in Pittsburgh?
What is the term for the local word "you ones" in Pittsburghese?
What is the name of the local peculiarities that have prompted The New York Times to describe Pittsburgh as "the Galapagos Islands of American dialect"?
What is the name of the lexicon that contains loans from Polish and other European languages?
What is the name of the largest city park in Pittsburgh?
What is the estimated cost of a comprehensive flood control program for the region?
What is the name of the professional soccer team in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the stadium where the Riverhounds play their home matches?
What is the name of the trail that has converted miles of former rail tracks to recreational trails?
When was the Pittsburgh Pirates founded?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Riverhounds play?
How many championships did the Pittsburgh Steelers win?
What is the name of the famous Terrible Towel?
What is the name of the league that the Pittsburgh Riverhounds are a part of?
How many championships did the University of Pittsburgh Panthers win?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Pirates play?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers start selling out every home game?
How many consecutive losing seasons did the Pittsburgh Pirates have?
When was the Pittsburgh Steelers founded?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Pittsburgh federally recognized as "Pittsburg"?
What is the name of the 18th-century Lenape town located in Pittsburgh?
Who was the first European to enter the Pittsburgh region?
What is the name of the oldest extant structure in Pittsburgh?
Who was the British General who was dispatched to take Fort Duquesne?
Who was the aide to General Edward Braddock?
What is the name of the treaty that allowed the Penns to purchase the modern region from the Iroquois?
When was the city's first civilian local government created?
Who was the first constable of Pittsburgh?
Who was the first clerk of Pittsburgh?
What was one of the earliest industries in Pittsburgh?
When was the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette started?
What was chartered in 1787?
What event resulted in federal troops being sent to Pittsburgh in 1794?
What began in Pittsburgh in 1797?
What was the population of Pittsburgh by 1797?
What was the main base for settlers moving into the Northwest Territory?
Who led the expedition to the forks to unite Canada with French Louisiana via the rivers?
What war began with the future Pittsburgh as its center?
When was the Pittsburgh Steelers' team founded?
How many Super Bowls did the Steelers win in a six-year span in the 1970s?
What is the name of the Steelers' home stadium?
How many national championships did the University of Pittsburgh's Panthers win?
What is the name of the professional women's football team in Pittsburgh?
Who is the owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins?
How many Stanley Cup championships did the Penguins win?
When did the Penguins move into the PPG Paints Arena?
When was the city's first ice rink built?
What is the name of the arena where the Penguins played before the PPG Paints Arena?
How many Frozen Four college championships was RMU hosted?
When did the Pittsburgh Hornets farm team fold?
How many playoff berths did the Steelers qualify for since the AFL-NFL merger?
How many NFL conference championship games did the Steelers host?
When was the Exposition Building on the Allegheny River near The Point and Duquesne Gardens in Oakland built?
In what year was the NHL awarded a franchise to the city?
What team won the first American Basketball Association championship in 1968?
Who set a record for consecutive field goals and field goal percentage in 1967?
What year did Duquesne University's Chuck Cooper become the first African American drafted by an NBA team?
How many conference titles has the Pitt Panthers men's basketball team won?
In what year did Robert Morris University's Colonials notched an upset win over the defending national champions Kentucky Wildcats?
How many times has the Petersen Events Center sold out the Pitt Panthers men's basketball team?
How many times has the US Open been hosted at Oakmont Country Club?
How many NBA draft picks has the Pitt Panthers men's basketball team produced?
What year did Duquesne University win the 1955 National Invitation Tournament?
How many times has the Pitt Panthers women's basketball team qualified for the NCAA tournament?
What year was the Riverhounds founded?
How many times has the U.S. Amateur been hosted at Oakmont Country Club?
How many times has the PGA Championship been hosted at Oakmont Country Club?
When was the Riverhounds founded?
What is the name of the stadium where the Riverhounds play?
What is the name of the golf course that holds the record for most times as host for the U.S. Open?
How many times has Oakmont Country Club hosted the U.S. Open?
What is the name of the professional wrestling promotion founded in Pittsburgh in 2000?
What is the name of the annual sporting event that has been held in Pittsburgh since 1977?
What is the name of the annual sporting event that has been held in Pittsburgh since 1983?
Who is the youngest mayor in the history of any major American city?
When was Luke Ravenstahl sworn in as mayor?
Who is the current mayor of Pittsburgh?
When was Ed Gainey elected as mayor?
What is the name of the city's government building?
How many districts does the Pittsburgh City Council represent?
What is the name of the river that runs through Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the ski resort in the Pittsburgh area?
What is the name of the ice skating rink in PPG Place?
How many times has Oakmont Country Club hosted the U.S. Amateurs?
Who is the youngest mayor in the history of any major American city?
In what year was Bill Peduto sworn in as mayor?
Who is Pittsburgh's first African-American mayor?
In what year was the first convention of the national Republican Party held in Pittsburgh?
How many consecutive mayors have been Democrats since the 1933 election?
What is the ratio of party registration in Pittsburgh?
How many Senate Districts represent Pittsburgh?
Who represents Pennsylvania's 12th congressional district?
How many sworn officers are in the Pittsburgh Bureau of Police?
What is the annual ranking of Pittsburgh in terms of safety?
In what year was Pittsburgh named the 3rd "most secure" big city?
How many murders were reported in Pittsburgh in 2019?
What is the homicide rate for African Americans in Pittsburgh compared to the national average?
What percentage of unsolved cases in Pittsburgh involved a black victim?
What is the amount of the police budget increase approved by the Pittsburgh City Council in 2023?
What percentage of the police budget increase will go to the Stop the Violence trust fund?
What is the rating of the Pittsburgh Police Department by the Police Scorecard?
When was the University of Pittsburgh established?
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the song and dance troupe of Duquesne University?
What is the name of the Conservatory of Performing Arts at Point Park University?
What is the starting teacher salary offered to teachers with a BA in Pittsburgh Public Schools?
What is the maximum annual salary for a teacher with a master's degree in Pittsburgh Public Schools?
How many acres does Chatham University's Eden Hall Farm campus have?
What is the name of the university-based legal news service at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law?
What is the name of the private Catholic university in the Bluff neighborhood?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Public Schools' highest minimum salary ranking in 2000?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Institute of Mortuary Science?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Theological Seminary?
What is the name of the Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary?
What is the name of the Community College of Allegheny County?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Science and Technology Academy?
What is the name of the Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children?
What is the name of the Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf?
When was KDKA 1020 AM, the world's first commercially licensed radio station, established?
How many major motion pictures have been filmed, in whole or in part, in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the film festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
When did Pittsburgh welcome a series of major film and television productions?
What is the name of the film festival that promotes independent and diverse filmmakers?
What is the name of the film school at Point Park University?
What is the name of the film studio in Pittsburgh?
Who founded one of the original 1912 power companies in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the water service provider in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the largest health care provider in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the hospital that served the area from 1777 to 1845?
In what year did UPMC announce a $250 million expansion?
Who pioneered modern brain surgery at Allegheny General Hospital?
What is the name of the cancer center opened by AGH in 2002?
What is the name of the hospital that opened in 2009?
What is the name of the medical school founded by UPMC in partnership with Nazarbayev University?
Who developed one of the first successful polio vaccines?
When did the $51.6 million, 5-floor, 100,000 sq. ft. cancer center open?
What is the current value of the $130 million Hillman Cancer Center in 2023 dollars?
What is the current value of the $420 million IBM agreement in 2023 dollars?
What is the current value of the $600 million UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh in 2023 dollars?
When did the UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh open?
What is the name of the medical school founded by UPMC in 2013?
Who developed one of the first successful polio vaccines at the University of Pittsburgh?
What was the age of the child who received the world's first simultaneous liver and heart transplant operation in 1984?
What was the age of the child who received the world's first heart-liver transplant in 1997?
What is the name of the bridge that was the world's first lenticular truss bridge?
How many bridges cross the three rivers near the city of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the transit agency that serves Pittsburgh?
What is the average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in Pittsburgh on a weekday?
What is the average distance people usually ride in a single trip with public transit in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the expressway that connects to Interstate 76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike) and Interstate 79?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Pittsburgh's rail industry established?
What airport provides commercial passenger service from over 15 airlines to the Pittsburgh metropolitan area?
What is the name of the mass transit system in the Pittsburgh area?
What is the name of the railroad that entered the city in 1871?
What is the name of the largest freight rail center in the world from 1956 until 1980?
What is the ranking of the Port of Pittsburgh in 2011?
What is the name of the expressway sections of Pennsylvania Route 28 and U.S. Route 22?
What is the name of the light rail system in Pittsburgh?
How many trains per day operate through the city on the Pittsburgh Line?
When was the Pittsburgh Locomotive and Car Works established?
How many miles is Arnold Palmer Regional Airport from Pittsburgh?
When did the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad enter the city?
In what year did Andrew Carnegie open the Pittsburgh Locomotive and Car Works?
What year was the Union Railroad founded?
What year did George Westinghouse's Wabtec start leading in rail engines and switching?
How many trains operate through the city per day on the Pittsburgh Line?
What year was the Conway Rail Yard built?
What is the rank of the Port of Pittsburgh in the US?
What was the cargo volume of the Port of Pittsburgh in 2011?
What is the rank of the Port of Pittsburgh in domestic trade?
How many sister cities does Pittsburgh have?
What is the warmest daily minimum temperature ever recorded in Pittsburgh?
What is the elevation of Pittsburgh Int'l?
How many counties are included in the Pittsburgh metro area?
What is the name of the football league that Pittsburgh Passion plays in?
What is the name of the steel city that Pittsburgh is known as?
When was the village of Pittsburgh founded?
What was one of the earliest industries in Pittsburgh?
In what year did Thomas Vickroy complete a town plan for Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the newspaper started in 1786 in Pittsburgh?
What was chartered in 1787 in Pittsburgh?
What event in 1794 resulted in federal troops being sent to the area?
What began in 1797 in Pittsburgh?
What was the population of Pittsburgh by 1797?
Where did settlers arrive in Pittsburgh after crossing?
What was the main base for settlers moving into the Northwest Territory?
What was the starting point for the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
Who purchased a keelboat in Pittsburgh in 1803?
What was the year Pittsburgh became a city?
What event in 1812 cut off the supply of British goods?
What was produced in Pittsburgh by 1815?
What immigration group came to Pittsburgh in the 1830s?
What event destroyed over a thousand buildings in Pittsburgh in 1845?
Who helped rebuild Pittsburgh after the Great Fire?
What was the number of coal bushels consumed by Pittsburgh's factories by 1857?
What attracted waves of European immigrants to the area?
What was the state of Pennsylvania established as after the Revolution?
What was the purpose of the Underground Railroad in Pittsburgh?
In what year did the Pittsburgh metro area expand to include eight counties?
What is the name of the university that published the book "Twentieth Century Pittsburgh Volume 1: Government, Business, and Environmental Change"?
What was the amount of R&D spending reported by universities in FY 2011?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette feature that mentioned Eaton Electronics and McKesson Automation headquarters?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Business Journal article that mentioned Silicon Valley is dying?
In what year did Pittsburgh's employment numbers show better growth than similar cities?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article that mentioned Pittsburgh's smart city survey?
When was the original of "How to Spell Pittsburgh" archived?
Who wrote "How Pittsburgh Got Its 'H' Back"?
What is the name of the book by George R. Stewart?
When was the first edition of "Names on the Land" published?
Who wrote "The wilderness trail; or, The ventures and adventures of the Pennsylvania traders on the Allegheny path"?
When was the Battle of the Monongahela?
Who wrote "Pittsburgh, The Story of an American City"?
When did the Lewis and Clark expedition start?
What was the name of the exhibit about slavery in Pittsburgh?
When was the book "Masaryk a legie" published?
What is the title of the book that maps Pittsburgh's stairs?
What is the name of the ecoregion where Pittsburgh is located?
What is the name of the company that moved its headquarters to Pittsburgh's SouthSide Works?
What is the name of the historic neighborhood that was once a separate city?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Jewish community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's African American community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's artists?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's writers?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's tech industry?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's environmental movement?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's LGBTQ+ community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Latinx community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Asian community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Italian community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Polish community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's Irish community?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood that was a hub for the city's German community?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What famous machine learning venue had its first conference in Pittsburgh in 1980?
When was the "State of the Air 2011" report released?
What year did the "Air Quality Trends By City 2000-2022" report cover?
What is the name of the organization that released the "Air Quality Trends By City 2000-2022" report?
What is the name of the river in Pennsylvania where industrial pollution was found to be flowing illegally?
What is the name of the system that collects and treats wastewater in Pittsburgh?
Who is the leader of the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority (PWSA)?
What is the name of the organization that released the "State of the Air 2013" report?
What is the name of the city that Pittsburgh passed in terms of pollution in 2013?
What is the name of the county where Pittsburgh is located?
What is the name of the city where Pittsburgh is located?
What is the name of the state where Pittsburgh is located?
What is the name of the river that flows through Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that released the "State of the Air 2011" report?
What is the name of the city where the "In Pittsburgh, the 'Paris of the Appalachians,'they're not buying Trump's climate talk" article was published?
What is the name of the author of the article "In Pittsburgh, the 'Paris of the Appalachians,'they're not buying Trump's climate talk"?
When was the study "Study: Pittsburgh kids near polluting sites have higher asthma rates" published?
What is the name of the organization that reports weird smells in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the report that finds industrial pollution flowing illegally into PA rivers?
What is the name of the organization that provides protection for those with lead service lines?
What percentage of Allegheny County, Pa., water systems have lead detected?
Who wrote the article "The Racist, Classist Origins of Pittsburgh's Water Crisis"?
What is the name of the plan that aims to diminish sewage overflows?
What is the name of the company that was involved in Pittsburgh's lead crisis?
What is the name of the advisory panel that studied water and sewer issues?
What is the name of the organization that oversees the PWSA?
What is the name of the organization that provides information on Pittsburgh's water crisis?
What is the name of the bill that placed Pittsburgh's water system under PUC oversight?
What is the name of the city that is being compared to Pittsburgh in terms of water crisis?
When was the 1980 census of population conducted?
What is the name of the report that provides demographic, social, and cultural characteristics of persons of Ukrainian ancestry in Chicago?
What is the title of the 3-volume book about U.S. immigration published in 2012?
What is the name of the metropolitan statistical area that includes Pittsburgh?
What is the title of the 2017 study about the Greater Pittsburgh Jewish Community?
What is the name of the Pew Research Center's study about the religious landscape of the United States?
What is the name of the census data that provides information about the demographics of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the town in the Pittsburgh area that is considered one of the wealthiest?
What is the percentage of people 25 years and over who have completed a bachelor's degree in Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of people 25 years and over who have completed high school in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the report that provides information about new Americans in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the neighborhood in Pittsburgh that has been affected by gentrification?
What is the name of the organization that represents the Pittsburgh technology industry?
What is the title of the book about poverty in America's postindustrial era?
In what year was the book published?
What is the ISBN of the book?
What is the name of the newspaper that reported "East Liberty will lose more affordable housing, but seller aims to fight long-term displacement"?
In what year did the article "What's left when the gentrifiers come marching in" by Jeremiah Davis get published?
What is the name of the region that the Pittsburgh Technology Council is about?
In what year did Dan Bobkoff write "From Steel To Tech, Pittsburgh Transforms Itself"?
Who wrote the paper "Where Is The Land of Opportunity? The Geography of Intergenerational Mobility in the United States"?
In what year was the paper "Where Is The Land of Opportunity? The Geography of Intergenerational Mobility in the United States" published?
What is the title of the article "Pittsburgh # 2: Top 10 cities to achieve the American Dream"?
Who wrote the article "Pittsburgh # 2: Top 10 cities to achieve the American Dream"?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What film was shot at 31st Street Studios?
What technology is featured at the Pennsylvania film studio?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh filmography?
What is the name of the organization that operates 31st Street Studios?
Who is the 31-year-old owner of 31st Street Studios?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article about Pittsburgh being the new Hollywood?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Magazine article about Pittsburgh being the new Hollywood?
Who wrote the Entertainment Weekly article about how Pittsburgh landed 'The Dark Knight Rises'?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article about the new film studio in the Strip District?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article about Pittsburgh being named one of the most livable cities in the world?
Who is the Pittsburgh-based rapper who had a number one hit with 'Black & Yellow'?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based music venue that hosts techno sex parties?
Who is the American author who wrote about Pittsburgh in his play 'Ma Rainey's Black Bottom'?
What is the name of the Pennsylvania Center for the Book article about Rachel Louise Carson?
Who wrote the article "How Yaeji Found Her Voice"?
What magazine published the article "How Yaeji Found Her Voice"?
Who wrote the article "Yaeji: All Together Now"?
What magazine published the article "Yaeji: All Together Now"?
Who is the subject of the article "Rachel Louise Carson"?
What organization published the article "Rachel Louise Carson"?
Who is the subject of the article "August Wilson | Biography, Plays, Movies, Ma Rainey, & Facts"?
What publication published the article "August Wilson | Biography, Plays, Movies, Ma Rainey, & Facts"?
Who wrote the article "Presidential biographer gets presidential medal"?
What newspaper published the article "Presidential biographer gets presidential medal"?
Who wrote the article "The write stuff"?
What newspaper published the article "The write stuff"?
What is the title of the magazine "Revenant: The Premiere Zombie Magazine"?
What is the title of the science fiction and fantasy writing group "Write or Die"?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh-based science fiction organization "PARSEC"?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh-based writing group "Pittsburgh South Writes"?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh-based writing group "Pittsburgh Worldwrights"?
Who is the subject of the article "The SF Site: A Conversation With Mary Soon Lee"?
When was the St. Patrick's Day Flood of 1936?
Which city was ranked as the best sports city by Sporting News in 2009?
Why do Pittsburgh's teams wear black and gold?
Who said he wasn't being disrespectful to Steelers' Terrible Towel in 2012?
What is the name of the trail in Pittsburgh?
In what year was the Pittsburgh Power unveiled as an arena football expansion team?
Who is the owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Steelers' fans rank No. 1 by ESPN?
What is the name of the oldest course in continuous use in the United States?
Who is the author of "The Sport Business Handbook"?
In what year did Pittsburgh homicides hit the lowest in 20 years?
Who is the author of "A Ground-Up Model for Gun Violence Reduction"?
In what year was the University of Pittsburgh founded?
What percentage of the city's population were non-Hispanic whites in 1940?
What was the name of the African-American Great Migration destination in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of African-American men in Pittsburgh became unskilled steel workers?
How many tons of steel were produced by area mills during World War II?
What was the city's reputation during World War II?
Who made the observation of Pittsburgh being "hell with the lid off"?
What was the name of the clean air and civic revitalization project in Pittsburgh?
What year did the "Renaissance II" project follow?
What were the main industries that Pittsburgh's economy shifted to in the later 20th century?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1950?
What was the metropolitan area population increase in Pittsburgh between 2006 and 2011?
What was the housing price appreciation in the Pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area between 2006 and 2011?
What was the name of the summit held in Pittsburgh in 2009?
What is the area of Pittsburgh?
How many neighborhoods does Pittsburgh have?
What is the name of the city that is considered the poster child for managing industrial transition?
What is the name of the complex where Google has research and technology offices?
What is the name of the largest employer in the city?
How many employees does the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center have?
What percentage of jobs in the region are held by the medical sector?
What is the name of the top publicly traded company in the Pittsburgh region for 2022?
What is the name of the largest single employer in education?
How many Fortune 500 companies call the Pittsburgh area home?
What is the name of the convention that has been held annually at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center since 2006?
What is the economic impact of Anthrocon in 2024?
What is the name of the reality show that is filmed at Pittsburgh's Abby Lee Dance Company?
What is the name of the jazz, blues, and bluegrass music scene in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the hip-hop artist who was a Pittsburgh native?
What is the name of the electronic music venue that has been compared favorably to European nightclubs and parties?
Who is the founder of Autumn House Press?
What is the name of the playwright who was born and raised in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pulitzer Prize-winning writer who was born and raised in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the award-winning author who grew up in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the poet who received his MFA from the University of Pittsburgh?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When did Pittsburgh homicides hit their lowest in 20 years?
What is the name of the community-based public health approach for gun violence reduction?
Who wrote the article "Pittsburgh's repeating tragedy of unsolved black homicides"?
What is the name of the police scorecard that rates Pittsburgh?
What is the ranking of the University of Pittsburgh in National Universities?
When was the University of Pittsburgh ranked by U.S. News & World Report?
What is the name of the Philosophical Gourmet Report?
Who wrote the article "Welcome to the 2006–2008 Philosophical Gourmet Report"?
What is the name of the company that Chatham University is preparing for its first coed undergraduate class?
What is the name of the public library infrastructure in Greater Pittsburgh?
Who wrote the book "Circulation of Power: The Development of Public Library Infrastructure in Greater Pittsburgh, 1924-2016"?
What is the name of the law school at the University of Pittsburgh?
What is the increase in U.S. television households for the 2006–2007 season?
What is the name of the television station that pioneered educational programming?
When was WQED founded?
What is the name of the first commercial radio station?
When was KDKA founded?
What is the name of the film that generated $9.4 million for Pittsburgh businesses?
When was the Pittsburgh Film Office established?
Who still influences Pittsburgh's film industry?
What is the name of the economic development agency promoting southwestern Pennsylvania to the film industry?
What is the name of the best movies ever made in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the state-by-state figures on economic impact of film and television industry?
What is the name of the festivals in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the film schools in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the studios in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the video production services in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the creative technology & experience design company?
What is the name of the video production company?
What is the amount of money received by Carrie Furnace for movie studio?
Who was born in Western Pennsylvania?
What is the name of the hospitals in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the news archive search?
What is the name of the medical school to help Nazarbayev University in Kazakhstan?
What is the name of the computer chip inserted in the brain?
What is the number of bridges in Pittsburgh?
What is the ranking of Pittsburgh among large cities for commuting without cars?
What is the name of the transit agencies in Pittsburgh?
When was the Duquesne Incline built?
What is the rank of Pittsburgh among large cities for commuting without cars?
What is the name of the association that lists Pittsburgh as one of its sister cities?
When was the book "Beyond Rust: Metropolitan Pittsburgh and the Fate of Industrial America" published?
What is the name of the author of the book "City of Steel: How Pittsburgh Became the World's Steelmaking Capital During the Carnegie Era"?
What is the name of the city that Pittsburgh has a sister city relationship with?
What is the name of the organization that published "Largest Transit Agencies"?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh airport?
What is the name of the region that includes Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the combined statistical area that includes Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the conference center in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city hall in Pittsburgh?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the largest private company in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the company that makes cookies?
What is the name of the famous Pittsburgh sandwich?
What is the name of the famous Pittsburgh festival?
What is the name of the famous Pittsburgh dialect?
What is the name of the famous Pittsburgh film?
What is the name of the famous Pittsburgh hospital?
What is the name of the region that includes Pittsburgh in Maryland?
What is the name of the company that was founded in Pittsburgh?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What famous machine learning venue had its first conference in Pittsburgh in 1980?
What is the name of the company that has strong relations with Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of Allegheny Energy is located?
What is the name of the company that is headquartered in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of GSK is located?
What is the name of the company that has a historic Big Wheel in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the company that is headquartered in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the company that has a strong presence in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of Eaton Corporation is located?
What is the name of the company that has a historic factory in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of J & L Steel is located?
What is the name of the company that has a historic office in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of Rockwell is located?
What is the name of the company that has a historic factory in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city where the headquarters of Gulf Oil is located?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What famous machine learning venue had its first conference in Pittsburgh in 1980?
What musical artist is performing at PPG Arena on October 13?
What is the population of Pittsburgh?
In which year was Pittsburgh established?
What is the name of the county where Pittsburgh is located?
What is the name of the river where Pittsburgh is located?
When was Allegheny City merged with Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the tallest skyscraper in Downtown Pittsburgh?
What is the height of the U.S. Steel Tower?
How many residential units are in RiverParc?
What is the name of the Gothic-style glass skyscraper complex in Firstside?
What is the name of the light rail system serving Downtown Pittsburgh?
How many bridges lead to Downtown Pittsburgh?
What are the names of the two universities bordering Uptown?
What is the name of the stadium on the North Side?
What is the name of the art museum in the North Side?
What is the name of the observatory in the North Side?
What is the name of the brewery in the North Side?
What is the name of the hospital in the North Side?
What is the name of the street in the South Side?
What is the annual increase in home value in the South Side?
What is the name of the mixed-use development in the South Side?
What is the name of the company with its headquarters in the SouthSide Works?
What is the name of the university in the East End?
What is the name of the museum in the East End?
What is the name of the conservatory in the East End?
What is the approximate number of synagogues in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the marketplace by day and a clubbing destination by night in Pittsburgh?
Which neighborhood is Pittsburgh's Little Italy?
What is the name of the famous view of the downtown skyline in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the region that Pittsburgh falls within?
What is the name of the combined statistical area defined by the U.S. Census Bureau?
What is the name of the Appalachian Regional Commission-defined region that Pittsburgh falls within?
What is the name of the city that Pittsburgh is characterized as the "northern urban industrial anchor of"?
What is the name of the city that Pittsburgh is characterized as the "Paris of"?
What is the average temperature in July in Pittsburgh?
What is the plant hardiness zone of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the glass mural of an iron or steel worker in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the neighborhood that was home to photographer Charles Harris?
What is the name of the neighborhood that is popular with artists and designers?
What is the Köppen climate classification for Pittsburgh if the 0 °C ( 32 °F ) isotherm is used?
What is the Köppen climate classification for Pittsburgh if the −3 °C ( 27 °F ) isotherm is used?
What is the USDA plant hardiness zone for Pittsburgh?
What is the warmest month of the year in Pittsburgh?
What is the average annual precipitation in Pittsburgh?
How many inches of snowfall does Pittsburgh average per season?
What is the average annual precipitation in Pittsburgh?
In which month does Pittsburgh receive the least precipitation?
What is the record high temperature in Pittsburgh?
What is the average snowfall in Pittsburgh per season?
In which years did Pittsburgh receive the highest and lowest snowfall?
What is the average number of clear days in Pittsburgh per year?
How does Pittsburgh's annual percent-average possible sunshine compare to Seattle?
What is the record low temperature in Pittsburgh?
What did the American Lung Association's 2023 "State of the Air" report show about Pittsburgh's air quality?
What is the average dew point °F (°C) in Pittsburgh?
What is the average ultraviolet index in Pittsburgh?
What is the ranking of Pittsburgh for ozone (smog) pollution?
What is the percentage drop in hazardous air pollutants in Allegheny County?
How many air monitors in Allegheny County achieved EPA attainment in 2020?
What is the value of the annual benefits from Pittsburgh's urban forest?
What is the annual amount spent on street tree planting and maintenance in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of students in Pittsburgh live in areas over the WHO's standard of 10 micrograms per cubic meter?
What is the standard for fine particle pollution set by the USEPA?
What is the year of the study conducted by researchers on air pollution in Pittsburgh?
When did the British cede control of territories east of the Mississippi?
What year did the War of 1812 end?
What year did production of steel begin in Pittsburgh?
How many train engines and cars were burned down during the 1877 railway riots?
What percentage of the nation's steel was Pittsburgh producing by 1911?
What was the name of the project launched by Pittsburgh after World War II?
What year did the city lose its status as a major transportation hub?
What percentage of the residents in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area are of European descent?
What is the approximate age of the Paleo-Indians who lived in the region?
How many miles is the Indian Mound at the future site of McKees Rocks from the head of the Ohio?
When did the first Europeans arrive in the region?
Who was the first to describe the forks of the Ohio in a manuscript?
In what year did the first Ohio Company win a grant of 200,000 acres in the upper Ohio Valley?
How many warriors were gathered at Logstown in 1748?
What was the name of the Lenape (Delaware) village on the east bank of the Allegheny?
What was the estimated population of Kittanning?
What was the name of the road constructed by the Ohio Company in 1748?
Who was the Governor of New France in 1753?
What was the name of the fort built by the French on French Creek in 1753?
Who was sent by Governor Dinwiddie of Virginia to warn the French to withdraw in 1753?
When was the Renaissance I project started?
Who was the Mayor of Pittsburgh elected in 1945?
What was the name of the chairman of Mellon Bank?
What was the name of the airport terminal opened in 1953?
How many acres of the lower Hill District were cleared?
How many businesses were in East Liberty in 1959?
How many businesses were in East Liberty in 1970?
How many businesses were in East Liberty in 1979?
What was the name of the agency entirely devoted to industrial development?
What was the name of the first building project of Renaissance I?
What was the name of the final building project of Renaissance I?
When was the U.S. Steel Tower completed?
What was the name of the stadium built in 1970?
When was Three Rivers Stadium imploded?
What was the name of the cultural center that included the Civic Arena?
When was the Civic Arena opened?
What was the name of the neighborhood included in Renaissance I Urban Renewal plans?
What was the name of the pedestrianized shopping district in East Liberty?
When was the RIDC's "Building on Basics" report released?
How many workers were laid off by the mills in 1981-1982?
When did the RIDC's "Building on Basics" report begin the era?
What exposed the U.S. steel industry's internal problems?
What was the reason for the collapse of steel?
What type of mills posed competition to the large mills in the Pittsburgh region?
How many workers were laid off by the mills following the 1981-1982 recession?
What replaced the Homestead Works in 1999?
What was the population of Homestead by the time of the 2000 census?
In what year did Gulf Oil get bought out?
How many high-paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in the Gulf Oil merger?
How many universities in Pittsburgh are included in most undergraduate and graduate school national rankings?
What did the collapse of steel put pressure on Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh to do?
In what decade did Pittsburgh's economy shift from heavy industry to services, medicine, higher education, tourism, banking, corporate headquarters, and high technology?
Who developed the site of the former terminal buildings and yards of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad?
What is the name of the attraction at the historic riverfront site on the south shore of the Monongahela River?
How many visitors does Station Square generate a year?
What is the name of the company that bought Station Square in 1994?
How much was the investment in Station Square?
When was the Allegheny Foundation's initial gift given to Landmarks?
What is the length of the property at the base of Mt. Washington?
Who founded Neighborhood Housing Services in 1968?
What is the name of the organization that became the model for the nationwide NeighborWorks America?
What was the name of the urban revitalization project that created numerous new structures in the 1980s?
What was the name of the new terminal at Pittsburgh International Airport that opened in 1992?
What replaced the aging Three Rivers Stadium in 2001?
What replaced the Civic Arena in 2010?
Who revealed to a national TV audience how Pittsburgh had transformed itself from an industrial rust belt city in 1985?
What is the current ranking of Pittsburgh as one of the World's Most Livable Cities?
What has replaced steel as a leading industry in Pittsburgh?
How many technology firms are choosing to operate out of Pittsburgh?
Who has joined the 1,600 technology firms choosing to operate out of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the movement exemplified by the city's convention center?
What is the population of the City of Pittsburgh in 2010?
What is the population of the Urbanized Area of Pittsburgh in 2010?
What is the approximate year when the area was home to numerous Native American groups, including the Lenape and Seneca tribes?
When did King Charles claim the forks for Pennsylvania?
Who was the Dutch trader that explored the area in 1694?
In what year were European traders primarily Pennsylvanians settle in the area?
Who visited with a small French force in 1727?
In what year was Cumberland County Pennsylvania founded?
Who visited en route to Fort LeBeouf in 1753?
In what year did French Forces occupy the area and construct Fort Duquesne?
Who founded the Catholic Mission at Beaver in 1757?
In what year did British Forces regain the area and establish Fort Pitt?
What was the name of the Proclamation in 1763?
In what year was Bedford Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was Bedford County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was Pitt Township founded?
When was Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was Allegheny County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was a new Pitt Township formed?
When was a petition for a Pittsburgh Township at the forks submitted?
When was Pittsburgh Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was Pittsburgh borough, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania founded?
When was the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania founded?
Who compiled the English-Seneca Dictionary in 2013?

When was Fort Pitt Museum founded?
What was the name of the book written by Albert, George in 1896?
Who edited the book "The Diaries of George Washington, Vol. 1"?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1790?
When was the University of Pittsburgh founded?
Who was the author of the book "A century and a half of Pittsburgh and her people"?
What was the name of the company founded by George Westinghouse?
Who created the model industrial town of Vandergrift, Pennsylvania?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh political battle royal mentioned in the document?
What was the title of the book by Kenneth A. Heineman?
What was the name of the journal that published the article "Prohibition's Failure in Pittsburgh"?
When did the dry movement in Pittsburgh end?
What was the name of the distillery that opened in Pittsburgh after Prohibition?
What was the name of the book by Joel Tarr?
What was the name of the gas explosion that occurred in Pittsburgh in 1928?
What was the name of the flood that occurred in Pittsburgh in 1889?
What was the name of the study on the Jewish community in Pittsburgh?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh from 1893 to 1896?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh from 1906 to 1909?
What was the name of the redevelopment project led by John P. Robin?
What was the name of the power firm that turned the lake area into a chemical shore?
When was the Point State Park developed?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh during the Renaissance?
When was the redevelopment of downtown Pittsburgh led by John P. Robin?
Who was chosen head of industrial plan in 1955?
What was the name of the redevelopment project in downtown Pittsburgh led by John P. Robin?
In what year was the redevelopment of downtown Pittsburgh started?
Who wrote "Building the Igloo"?
What was the name of the development group that filed for a charter in 1955?
What is the name of the park in Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the author who wrote "A Period of Turmoil: Pittsburgh's April 1968 Riots and Their Aftermath"?
What was the title of the book written by John P. Hoerr?
What was the year when Pittsburgh's economy was reported strong?
What was the year when Pittsburgh's economy was in desperate state?
Who wrote "For Pittsburgh a future not reliant on steel was unthinkable... and unavoidable"?
What is the name of the corporation center in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the research university in Pittsburgh that played a historical role in regional economic development?
What is the name of the top private employer in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that provides a brief history of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the plan that was proposed for Pittsburgh?
Who wrote "Pittsburgh's Image Belies Workforce"?
What is the name of the book written by Gabriel Winant?
What is the name of the group that studies in Pittsburgh and then starts businesses?
What is the population of Pittsburgh in 2011?
What is the name of the book written by Leland D. Baldwin?
In what year was the city of Pittsburgh named after William Pitt?
What is the name of the steelmaking capital during the Carnegie era?
What is the name of the book written by Stefan Lorant?
What is the name of the magazine where Grinder published his article?
In what year was the book "A Catholic New Deal: Religion and Reform in Depression Pittsburgh" written?
What is the name of the book written by Laurence A. Glasco?
In what year was the book "Before Renaissance: Planning in Pittsburgh, 1889–1943" written?
What is the name of the book written by John F. Bauman and Edward K. Muller?
What is the name of the university where the Carnegie Mellon University Press is located?

Who wrote the book "Reorganizing the Rust Belt: An Inside Study of the American Labor Movement"?
What is the title of Stefan Lorant's book about Pittsburgh?
In what year was the book "Pittsburgh: The Story of an American City" published?
Who wrote the book "Twentieth Century Pittsburgh: Government, Business, and Environmental Change"?
In what year was the book "Twentieth Century Pittsburgh: Government, Business, and Environmental Change" published?
Who wrote the book "Duquesne and the Rise of Steel Unionism"?
In what year was the book "Duquesne and the Rise of Steel Unionism" published?
Who wrote the book "Sandlot Seasons: Sport in Black Pittsburgh"?
In what year was the book "Sandlot Seasons: Sport in Black Pittsburgh" published?
Who wrote the book "From Monopoly to Competition: The Transformation of Alcoa, 1888–1986"?
In what year was the book "From Monopoly to Competition: The Transformation of Alcoa, 1888–1986" published?
Who wrote the book "Andrew Carnegie"?
In what year was the book "Andrew Carnegie" published?
What is the name of the University of Pittsburgh's library system that provides historic materials?
What is the name of the Senator John Heinz Pittsburgh Regional History Center's library and archives?
What is the name of the Carnegie Museum of Art's historic materials provider?
What is the name of the city directories provider from 1815-1945?
What is the name of the digitized films and photographs provider from the Library and Archives of the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the German historical sites provider in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the historic skyline provider in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the battle that occurred in 1755 in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the historic record of Pittsburgh's early years recovered by an archivist?
When was the Battle of the Monongahela fought?
Who led the French expedition to the Ohio Valley in 1753?
What was the name of the fort built by Captain William Trent in 1754?
How many French forces arrived at the Forks of the Ohio in April 1754?
What was the name of the French commanding officer executed by Seneca chief Tanaghrisson?
Who led the expedition to destroy the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning in 1756?
Who began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne in the summer of 1758?
How many regular and colonial troops did John Forbes lead in his campaign?
What was the name of the road built by the British and colonial forces in 1755?
What was the name of the fort built by John Forbes in 1758?
Who was Fort Pitt named after?
When did the Braddock Expedition launch?
How many miles from Fort Duquesne was the Battle of Braddock's Field?
What was the name of the expedition that destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning?
What was the name of the road built by John Forbes over the Allegheny Mountains?
What was the name of the battleground where Major James Grant's unit was annihilated?
When did John Forbes occupy the burned Fort Duquesne?
Who was the British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder?
Who destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning?
What was the name of the British Army officer who began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne?
How many regular and colonial troops did Forbes lead?
What was the name of the road built by Forbes?
Who was named after the British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder?
What was the name of the settlement between the rivers?
Who was the first considerable European settlement around Fort Pitt?
How many people were counted in the census ordered by Colonel Henry Bouquet in 1761?
Who launched an offensive against British forts in May 1763?
How many men, women, and children sought refuge inside the ramparts of Fort Pitt during the siege?
Who defeated Pontiac's forces in the Battle of Bushy Run?
What was the name of the Fort Pitt Blockhouse added by Colonel Bouquet in 1764?
Who signed the Fort Stanwix Treaty of 1768?
How many families settled in western Pennsylvania between 1768 and 1770?
Who took command of Fort Pitt in 1777?
Who led 600 men from Fort Pitt to destroy Seneca villages in 1779?
What was the name of the treaty that ceded the lands south of the Ohio to the British Crown?
What is the area of the neighborhood that was demolished and replaced with garden apartments in East Liberty?
How many businesses were in East Liberty in 1959?
What was the name of the agency devoted to industrial development in the area?
What was the name of the new terminal at Pittsburgh International Airport that opened in 1992?
What replaced the aging Three Rivers Stadium in 2001?
When did the J & L Steel site on the north side of the Monongahela river get cleared?
What was the name of the shopping mall that replaced the Homestead Works in 1999?
How many people were laid off from the mills in 1981-1982?
What was the name of the organization founded by Dorothy Mae Richardson in 1968?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh Technology Center's new expansion area?
When did the former sites of the Homestead, Duquesne, and South Side J & L mills get cleared?
What was the name of the convention center that became a leader in green environmental design?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1950?
What was the population of the Urbanized Area in 1950?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1960?
What was the population of the Urbanized Area in 1960?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1970?
What was the population of the Urbanized Area in 1970?
Who led 600 men from Fort Pitt to destroy Seneca villages in 1779?
What war led to the Whiskey Rebellion in 1794?
Who sent in militias to put down the Whiskey Rebellion?
What was the first industry of the village of Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the first steamboat built in Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the first river bridge in Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the original Pennsylvania Turnpike?
When was the first segment of the National Road completed?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1761?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1800?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1796?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh Academy that later developed into the University of Pittsburgh?
When was the Pittsburgh Academy founded?
What was the name of the University of Pittsburgh before 1908?
What was the name of the fort that became a United States fort in 1777?
Who took command of Fort Pitt in 1777?
What was the name of the treaty that ceded the land north of the Purchase Line to Pennsylvania?
When did the Revolutionary War end?
What was the name of the industry that was stimulated by the British blockade of the American coast?
What was the total production value of Pittsburgh in 1815?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1800?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1810?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1820?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1830?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1840?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1850?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1860?
What was the amount of iron produced in Pittsburgh by 1815?
What was the amount of brass and tin produced in Pittsburgh by 1815?
What was the amount of glass products produced in Pittsburgh by 1815?
What was the name of the first river bridge in Pittsburgh?
When was the Pennsylvania Main Line Canal completed?
What was the name of the first locomotive built west of the Alleghenies?
When was the Second Court House completed?
What was the year of the Great Fire of Pittsburgh?
What was the amount of damages caused by the Great Fire of Pittsburgh?
Who was the founder of the Mellon family?
What was the name of the company founded by James Laughlin?
When did the Edgar Thomson Works in Braddock begin to make steel rail using the new Bessemer process?
Who built their fortunes in Pittsburgh?
What company was founded by George Westinghouse in 1869?
What bank helped to finance an aluminum reduction company that became Alcoa?
In what year did small, independent iron and steel manufacturers survive and prosper?
How many miles across Allegheny County did the new industrial Pittsburgh stretch?
Who designed the model town of Vandergrift?
What was the name of the company that built the new town of Vandergrift?
Who was the leader of the Progressive movement statewide and supported Theodore Roosevelt in the 1912 election?
Who founded the H.J. Heinz Company in 1869?
What was the name of the Great Railroad Strike in 1877?
How many men died in the Pittsburgh Railway Riots?
What year was the Union Depot of the Pennsylvania Railroad burned down?
What was the name of the company that was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wages?
What was the name of the industrial suburb that was a model town?
Who hired Frederick Law Olmsted's landscape architectural firm in 1895 to design Vandergrift?
In what year was the first major strike against the United States Steel Corporation broken?
When did the H.J. Heinz Company found?
Who was the founder of the H.J. Heinz Company?
What was the name of the brick mason whose son founded the H.J. Heinz Company?
What was the name of the labor union opposed by the H.J. Heinz Company?
What was the name of the steel industry confrontation in 1892?
Who was the manager of the Carnegie Steel Company during the Homestead Strike?
How many deaths occurred during the Homestead Strike?
Who was the founder of the Carnegie Steel Company?
What was the name of the program established by Andrew Carnegie to establish libraries in numerous cities and towns?
In what year did Andrew Carnegie establish the first Carnegie Library?
What was the name of the institution founded by Andrew Carnegie in 1895?
Who was the owner of the U.S. Steel Corporation in 1901?
What was the value of the mills sold by Andrew Carnegie to J.P. Morgan in 1901?
What was the name of the city annexed by Pittsburgh in 1907?
What was the name of the steelworker watching molten steel being poured into a mold in the document?
What was the yearly river traffic in Pittsburgh in excess of in the early 20th century?
What was the value of factory products in Pittsburgh in the early 20th century?
What percentage of national output was produced by Allegheny county in the early 20th century?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the name of the distillery that closed in the 1920s?
What is the name of the first distillery that opened after Finch's distillery closed?
When did Allegheny County cities stop discharging raw sewage into rivers?
What was the year of the worst flood in Pittsburgh's history?
How many people were killed in the 1936 flood?
What is the name of the educational building that is the world's fourth-tallest?
How many times did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Forbes Field?
What was the population growth of Pittsburgh between 1870 and 1920?
What percentage of the city's Jewish households lived in Squirrel Hill?
What was the name of the migration that African Americans made to Pittsburgh?
How many African Americans lived in Pittsburgh in 1880?
What was the name of the street that was dubbed "Millionaire's Row"?
What was the damage caused by the 1936 flood in dollars (in 2006 dollars)?
When did the Great Depression start?
What was the name of the program that provided relief and jobs during the Great Depression?
Who was the statewide leader of the Democrats in Pennsylvania?
What was the name of the baseball team that dominated the Negro National League in the 1930s and 1940s?
What was the cultural nucleus of Black Pittsburgh?
Who were the jazz greats that played in the Hill District?
What was the name of the stadium built in 1970 as part of the Renaissance I project?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959?
What was the name of the urban revitalization project that transformed the city?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1860?
What was the name of the airport terminal opened in 1953?
What was the name of the area in the Hill District that was completely destroyed in the late 1950s and early 1960s?
What was the amount of steel contributed by Pittsburgh's mills to the war effort during World War II?
Who was the chairman of Mellon Bank?
What was the name of the Housing Act of 1949?
What was the year when the Greater Pittsburgh Municipal Airport terminal was opened?
Who was the governor of Pennsylvania from 1959 to 1963?
What is the name of the cul-de-sac located in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the street with the largest concentration of 19th-century homes?
What is the name of the highway connecting Pittsburgh to the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-76) on the east?
What is the name of the highway that runs north of the city to merge with I-79?
What is the name of the belt system in Allegheny County that attempts to deal with the lack of a dedicated contiguous beltway surrounding the city?
What is the name of the tunnel that often causes traffic congestion in the Squirrel Hill interchange?
What is the minimum number of occupants required per vehicle for use in the reversible high occupancy vehicle HOV lanes?
When was the HOV OK program made available?
How many people were killed in a head-on collision on the HOV lanes in 1995?
What is the name of the system that guides travelers to popular destinations and services in Pittsburgh?
How many bridges are there in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the tunnel that carries the Panhandle Bridge?
What is the name of the transit agency that operates in Pittsburgh?
How many square miles does Pittsburgh Regional Transit service?
How many routes are there in the Pittsburgh Light Rail network?
What is the name of the tunnel that extends service across the Allegheny River?
How many buses does PAT operate?
What is the name of the transportation system in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the airport that serves Pittsburgh?
Which company operates commuter service from Butler County?
Which counties operate their own commuter shuttles to and from Pittsburgh?
Which city is served by the Allegheny County Airport?
What is the name of the bike-sharing system in Pittsburgh?
Which airline serves Pittsburgh International Airport?
What is the name of the trail that connects Pittsburgh to Washington, D.C.?
Which train serves Penn Station in Pittsburgh?
Which company operates buses at the Grant Street Transportation Center?
When did the City begin installing segregated bike lanes?
What is the name of the bike-sharing system in Pittsburgh?
What is the price of using the Healthy Ride bicycle-sharing system for half an hour?
How many public staircases does Pittsburgh have?
What is the name of the incline that ascends Mount Washington?
What was the largest rail yard in the world from 1956 to 1980?
What is the name of the rail yard operated by the Allegheny Valley Railroad?
How many trains a day pass through Pittsburgh on the Mon and Pittsburgh lines?
What is the name of the railroad that operates the former Pennsylvania Railroad?
What is the name of the railroad that operates the former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad?
What is the name of the bike collective that recycles bicycles and bike parts?
What is the name of the program that allows people to borrow bicycles along the Heritage Trail?
What is the name of the local bicycle advocacy group?
What is the name of the bike lanes that stretch from Downtown Pittsburgh to the 16th Street Bridge on Penn Avenue?
What railroad operates the former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B & O) and the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad (P & LE)?
What is the name of the former B & O line that is now a bike path?
How many trains does the P & LE line carry on an average day?
In what year was the Wheeling & Lake Erie Railroad incorporated?
Who purchased the Bessemer & Lake Erie Railroad in 2004?
What is the primary function of the Union Railroad?
What is the name of the regional transit profile for Southwestern Pennsylvania?
When was the Pittsburgh Business Times article "SPC considers 10-county transit system" published?
What is the name of the bike lane in Pittsburgh that was implemented by September?
What is the name of the bike-sharing program that began in Pittsburgh in 2016?
What is the name of the tunnel that carries the Pittsburgh & Steubenville Extension Railroad?
What is the name of the bridge that connects Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon?
What is the name of the incline that connects Duquesne Heights and Mount Washington?
What is the name of the bus rapid transit system in Pittsburgh?
When does Steelers training camp start?
How many Super Bowl winners are the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the name of the Steelers' official ticket-trading site?
When was the Terrible Towel created?
Who created the Terrible Towel?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers play?
What is the name of the guide to Pittsburgh Steelers Training Camp?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' official merchandise catalog?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' fan association?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' official website?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers play?
How many Super Bowl wins does the Steelers team have?
What is the name of the rally towel created by Myron Cope in 1975?
Where does Steelers training camp happen?
What is the name of the Steelers radio broadcaster who created the Terrible Towel?
When does Steelers training camp start?
What is the name of the website for Steelers Nation Unite?
What is the name of the Steelers' official ticket-trading site?
What is the name of the catalog for official Steelers merchandise?
What is the temperature in Pittsburgh in the provided document?
What is the best time to visit Pittsburgh?
Where is the most popular ballpark in Pittsburgh located?
What is the name of the bridge that leads to PNC Park?
What is the name of the museum near PNC Park that showcases Pittsburgh sports history?
What is the name of the museum near PNC Park that showcases Roberto Clemente's legacy?
What is the name of the event where fans can bring their dogs to the ballpark?
What is the name of the event where the skyline lights up with fireworks?
What is the name of the organization that promotes Pittsburgh as a tourist destination?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Penguins' arena?
What is the name of the city's official website?
What is the current temperature in Pittsburgh?
What is the contact number of Visit Pittsburgh?
What is the toll-free number of Visit Pittsburgh?
Where is the Penguins Official Store located?
What is the year on the copyright of Visit Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the stadium where Pitt Football plays?
How many national titles does the University of Pittsburgh have?
Which conference is the University of Pittsburgh a member of?
How many Division I Varsity teams does the University of Pittsburgh sponsor?
What is the name of the conference that Robert Morris University plays in?
How many championship titles has Robert Morris University's football team won?
How many Division I sports does Duquesne University sponsor?
When did the Pittsburgh Riverhounds start?
What is the name of the women's football team in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the esports franchise in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the professional Ultimate Frisbee franchise in Pittsburgh?
When was the Steel City Roller Derby founded?
How many years has the Pittsburgh Riverhounds made the playoffs in the USL Championship?
What is the name of the supporter section of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds?
When was the Terrible Towel created?
Who created the Terrible Towel?
What team did the Steelers play against in the 1975 playoff football game?
What was the score of the Steelers' game against the Baltimore Colts in 1975?
What is the name of the school that receives proceeds from the Terrible Towel?
How much money has been raised for the Allegheny Valley School from the Terrible Towel?
What event was sponsored by VisitPittsburgh in 2005?
What was the score of the Steelers' game against the New York Jets in 2005?
How many Super Bowl Championships have the Steelers won?
Who is being celebrated on his 82nd birthday?
What is the name of the famous Steelers chant?
What event celebrates its 50th anniversary in 2022?
Where is the Steelers-Raiders rematch taking place on Dec. 24, 2022?
What is the name of the Steelers' home stadium?
What is the nickname of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Steelers' home city?
What is the capacity of Highmark Stadium?
Since what year has the Pittsburgh Riverhounds made the playoffs in the USL Championship?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Riverhounds play?
What is the official name of the team referred to as "The Hounds"?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the end of slavery in the US?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates black music?
What is the temperature in Pittsburgh as shown on the document?
When was the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum opened?
Where is the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum located?
What is the size of the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the name of the entrance gates of the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the name of the street where the first professional football game was played?
How many Hall of Honor inductees are featured in the museum?
What is the name of the wall that enshrines each member of the Hall of Honor?
What is the fee for adults to visit the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the fee for kids 6-17 to visit the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the operating hours of the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
When is the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum open?
What time does the last tour of the day begin at the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the fee for adults to tour the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the fee for seniors/military to tour the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the fee for kids 6-17 to tour the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
Is the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum closed on University of Pittsburgh home games?
What is the discount percentage for guests who present their passes at the Steelers Pro Shop?
Where do the Steelers play their home games?
What is the name of the riverboat shuttle service to the stadium?
What is the name of the parking company for the North Shore?
What is the name of the tailgating zone near the stadium?
What is the size limit for non-clear bags at Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the pizza location inside the stadium?
What is the name of the popular restaurant near the stadium?
What is the name of the neighborhood where the stadium is located?
What is the name of the light rail service to the stadium?
What is the name of the riverboat ride to the stadium?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers play?
What is the size limit for non-clear bags at Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the Steelers radio broadcaster who created the Terrible Towel?
What is the song played during the fourth quarter at Steelers games?
What are the three materials used to make steel represented by the Steelers logo?
When was the Terrible Towel created?
How many regular season and preseason games will the Steelers play at Acrisure Stadium this season?
What is the name of the Steelers' logo?
What do the hypocycloids in the Steelers' logo represent?
What do the colors in the Steelers' logo represent?
Who wrote "Here We Go Steelers"?
When was "Here We Go Steelers" recorded?
How many regular season games will the Steelers play at Acrisure Stadium in 2024?
What is the date of the Steelers' game against the Buffalo Bills?
What time will the Steelers' game against the Dallas Cowboys start?
What is the date of the Steelers' game against the Kansas City Chiefs?
What is the address of the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
What is the name of the bar on North Shore Dr. that serves beer and has a game-day atmosphere?
What is the name of the new hot dog at PNC Park in 2024?
Which local restaurant inspired the menu at Chicken on the Hill & Cannonball Burger?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh classic sandwich available at Primanti Bros.?
What type of food is added to the menu at LowKey Taco in 2024?
Who is the former Pirates catcher whose name is given to a barbecue stand at PNC Park?
Where can you find the Cannonball Burger stand at PNC Park?
What is the name of the dessert pierogi available at Cannonball Burger?
Where is the Coop de Ville's all-new chicken biscuit located at PNC Park?
What is the name of the regional favorite selling buckets of fresh wings at PNC Park?
What is the name of the upscale version of the hot dog available at PNC Park in 2024?
Where is PNC Park located?
What is the name of the sandwich piled high with fresh deli meats and cheeses at Primanti's?
What is the name of the regional favorite selling buckets of fresh wings and boneless wings?
What is the name of the craft beer featured at the Bullpen Bar?
What is the name of the healthier alternative to hot dogs at The Market?
What is the name of the food stand located behind Section 106?
What is the name of the pizza stand located in sections 113-114, 123, 313, and 304?
What is the name of the unique beer offerings available at Cinderlands Corner Bar?
What is the name of the ballpark where the Pittsburgh Pirates play?
Who is the author of the article?
When was the University of Pittsburgh founded?
How many students are enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh?
What percentage of University of Pittsburgh students are out-of-state?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
How many students are enrolled at Carnegie Mellon University?
What percentage of Carnegie Mellon University students are out-of-state?
When was Duquesne University founded?
How many students are enrolled at Duquesne University?
What percentage of Duquesne University students are out-of-state?
When was Indiana University of Pennsylvania founded?
How many students are enrolled at Indiana University of Pennsylvania?
What percentage of Indiana University of Pennsylvania students are out-of-state?
When was Robert Morris University founded?
How many students are enrolled at Robert Morris University?
What percentage of Robert Morris University students are out-of-state?
When was Point Park University founded?
How many students are enrolled at Point Park University?
What percentage of Point Park University students are out-of-state?
When was Franciscan University founded?
How many students are enrolled at Franciscan University?
When was Grove City College founded?
How many students are enrolled at Grove City College?
What percentage of Grove City College students are out-of-state?
When was Chatham University founded?
When was the Art Institute of Pittsburgh founded?
What is the approximate number of diplomas awarded by the Bidwell Training Center?
What is the name of the Byzantine Catholic Seminary in Pittsburgh?
How many students attended the University of Phoenix in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Institute of Mortuary Science?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Filmmakers' School of Film, Photography, and Digital Media?
When was the Pittsburgh Theological Seminary founded?
What is the name of the Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Trinity School for Ministry in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the American Academy of Culinary Arts in Pittsburgh?
How many students attended the Art Institute of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pennsylvania Institute of Health and Technology?
What is the name of the Kaplan Career Institute in Pittsburgh?
How many students attended the Everest Institute in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Douglas Education Center in Monessen?
How many students attended the Bradford School?
When was PPG Paints Arena renovated in 2023?
What is the size of the new scoreboard at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the private, upscale seating area at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the promotion that offers discounts for college students?
What is the name of the nearest T stop to PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the garage that is walkable to PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the bar closest to PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the cafe that is known for its inexpensive food and drink selection?
What is the name of the popular smashburger shop with a location near PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the convenience store that is modeled after in the arena?
What is the name of the popular smashburger shop in Dormont?
Where is Moonlit Burgers located?
What is the name of the convenience store modeled in GetGo?
What is the name of the famous Jake Guentzel's milkshake at Milkshake Factory?
What is the name of the sushi restaurant in the arena?
What is the name of the Pens mascot?
Where can you see the Penguins on Parade?
What is the name of the neighborhood known for its unique food vendors?
Where is the Heinz History Center located?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Penguins' arena?
What is the name of the Steelers' Week 6 opponent?
Who is the expected starter for the Steelers in Week 6?
Who will be the No. 2 quarterback for the Steelers in Week 6?
What is the distance of Najee Harris' gain in Week 6?
Who will be the Steelers' kicker in Week 6?
What is the location of the Steelers' Week 6 game?
Who is the host of Steelers Nation Unite Road Warriors: Las Vegas?
When does the Regular Season Challenge start?
What is the prize for this week's challenge?
What type of glass will be given to the first 100 people to spend $100 at Stillhouse Mobile Hub?
How many commemorative rocks glasses will be collected throughout the season?
What is the name of the platform for female fans in the NFL?
Who is being celebrated in the video "Happy 30th Birthday, T.J.! "
What is the name of the trailer in the video section?
Who recorded his 100th career sack in just 109 games?
What is the name of the Steelers' kicker who nailed a 52-yard field goal?
Who is celebrating their 30th birthday?
What is the name of the Steelers' running back who had a 20-yard gain?
Who is the Steelers' quarterback who threw a 6-yard pass for a touchdown?
Who intercepted Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's deep pass?
What is the name of the Steelers' defensive end who denies K Brandon Aubrey's 38-yard field goal attempt?
Who is the Steelers' head coach who spoke with the media following practice?
What is the name of the team that the Steelers are playing against in Week 5?
What is the current record of the Steelers?
Who signed a new contract?
What is the name of the Steelers' coach?
How many episodes of The Standard are available?
Who is the Walter Payton Man of the Year nominee?
Who is the quarterback coach with U.S. Army military service?
How many yards did Najee Harris gain?
What is the name of the Steelers' 24-hour digital radio station?
Who is the Steelers' legendary broadcaster?
What is the name of the award won by Cameron Heyward?
How many career sacks did T.J. Watt record to put his name in the record books?
In how many games did T.J. Watt record his 100th career sack?
What is the name of the Steelers' quarterback who threw a 6-yard pass to Pat Freiermuth for a touchdown?
What is the name of the Steelers' defensive end who denied a 38-yard field goal attempt?
Who is the Steelers' cornerback who intercepted Dak Prescott's deep pass?
What is the name of the Steelers' bar presented by Dubliner Irish Whiskey?
Who is the Steelers' quarterbacks coach with military service in the U.S. Army?
When will the Steelers Style 2024 photos be available?
Where is the Steelers Pro Shop located?
What is the name of the Steelers' community appreciation party?
What is the name of the Steelers' watch party in Monterrey?
Who will return to full practice?
What is the name of the Steelers' radio broadcast team in Spanish?
Where will the Steelers play the Raiders in Week 6?
Who are the Steelers visiting in Semana 4?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers Pro Shop is located?
What is the name of the store located on Art Rooney Ave at Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the museum that unlocks access to the moments that paved the way for generations of greatness?
What is the name of the shopping environment where fans can find everything they need to show off their Steelers pride?
What is the name of the team-owned store of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the name of the browser that is supported on the Steelers website?
When does the Steelers' 2024 season start?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers play their home games?
Who are the Steelers playing against in Week 1 of the 2024 season?
What is the name of the team the Steelers are playing against in Week 18 of the 2024 season?
What is the date of the Steelers' bye week in the 2024 season?
What is the time of the Steelers' game against the Jets in Week 7 of the 2024 season?
What is the date of the Steelers' game against the Ravens in Week 16 of the 2024 season?
When can flexible scheduling be used for Sunday Night Football?
How many times can flexible scheduling be used for Sunday Night Football between Weeks 5-10?
What time can Sunday afternoon games be moved to between 1:00 p.m. and?
How many games will be played on Saturday in Week 18?
What time will the second game be played on Saturday in Week 18?
What time will the Sunday night game be played in Week 18?
What is the recommended browser version to receive an optimal viewing experience?
What browsers are supported on this site?
What is the purpose of cookies on this website?
What type of cookies are necessary for the website to function?
What is the purpose of Performance cookies?
How often do you need to renew the choice to opt out of data sharing?
When was Myron Cope born?
What was the name of Myron Cope's autobiography?
What was the name of the prize Myron Cope received in 1963?
What was the name of the institution where Myron Cope's son, Daniel, lived?
How many years did Myron Cope spend as a color commentator for the Steelers' radio broadcasts?
Who was Myron Cope's first play-by-play announcer?
What was the name of the neighborhood where Myron Cope moved to in 1999?
When did Mildred Cope die?
What was the name of the high school Myron Cope graduated from?
When was Myron Cope born?
What was the name of Myron Cope's autobiography?
In what year did Myron Cope begin doing daily sports commentaries on WTAE-AM radio in Pittsburgh?
How many years did Myron Cope spend as a color commentator for the Steelers' radio broadcasts?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh high school that Myron Cope attended?
In what year did Myron Cope receive the E.P. Dutton Prize for "Best Magazine Sportswriting in the Nation"?
What was the name of the nursing home where Myron Cope died?
In what year did Myron Cope announce his retirement from broadcasting?
What was the name of the asteroid that was named in Myron Cope's honor?
How much money was raised for the Allegheny Valley School through the Terrible Towel?
When did Myron Cope begin doing daily sports commentaries?
What was the name of the radio team Myron Cope joined in 1970?
How many years did Myron Cope have a broadcasting career with the Steelers?
Who was Myron Cope's play-by-play announcer from 1970 to 1994?
What was the name of the "Cope-ra-scope"?
Who was Myron Cope's broadcasting partner in his last seven years?
What was the cause of Tunch Ilkin's retirement in 2021?
What was the name of the catchphrase Myron Cope used when he loses his train of thought?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh area accent Myron Cope had?
What was the name of the team that Myron Cope called "Cincinnati Bungles"?
What was the name of the football team from Washington, D.C. that Myron Cope called "Redfaces"?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' running back that Myron Cope called "The Bus"?
What was the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' radio team that Myron Cope joined in 1970?
What was the name of the Terrible Towel's creator?
How much money was raised for the Allegheny Valley School through the Terrible Towel?
Who created the Terrible Towel?
What was the original idea of Myron Cope?
What was the inexpensive option chosen by Myron Cope?
What is the catchphrase of the Terrible Towel?
In what year did Myron Cope give the rights to The Terrible Towel to the Allegheny Valley School?
What type of disabilities does the Allegheny Valley School provide care for?
How much money have proceeds from the Terrible Towel helped raise for the Allegheny Valley School?
In what year did Myron Cope announce his retirement from broadcasting?
What award did Myron Cope receive in 2005?
How many years did Myron Cope serve as a board member of the Pittsburgh chapter of the Autism Society of America?
What is the name of the asteroid named in Myron Cope's honor?
In what year was the asteroid 7835 Myroncope named in Myron Cope's honor?
When did Myron Cope die?
Who co-authored the book "Off My Chest" with Jim Brown?
What is the title of Myron Cope's autobiography?
In which year was Myron Cope inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame?
What is the name of the talk show that Myron Cope took over on the station in 1973?
In which year did Myron Cope pass away?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' iconic towel that Myron Cope popularized?
In which year was Myron Cope born?
What is the title of Myron Cope's book about the early days of Pro Football?
In which year was Myron Cope's book "The Game that was" first published?
What is the ISBN of Myron Cope's book "Double Yoi!" (edition 1)?
When did Myron Cope die?
What was Myron Cope's age when he died?
What was Myron Cope's occupation?
What is the name of the famous towel created by Myron Cope?
What is the name of the award Myron Cope won in 2005?
Who is the owner of the Washington Commanders mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the school that Myron Cope was involved with?
When was Myron Cope born?
What is the name of the asteroid named after Myron Cope?
When was the Terrible Towel wave held in memory of Myron Cope?
What is the name of the newspaper that published an obituary for Myron Cope?
Who is the author of the article "Myron Cope and Dan Snyder: Inside the feud"?
When was the article "The End of Double Yoi: Without Myron Cope, Steeler Football Hasn't Been the Same" published?
When did Myron Cope die?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' fan site with a collection of Myron Cope soundbites?
In what year was Myron Cope inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' former stadium?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' current stadium?
Who is the current owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
In what year was the Pittsburgh Steelers' Steely McBeam introduced?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' song?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' rival team?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Steelers win their 6th league championship?
Who won the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award in 2005?
In what year did Myron Cope pass away?
What is the name of the high school attended by Myron Cope?
What is the name of the university attended by Myron Cope?
In what year was Myron Cope born?
What is the name of the award received by Myron Cope in 2005?
Who won the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award in 2007?
Who won the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award in 2004?
Who won the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award in 2019?
What is the name of the sports news application?
Which teams are covered by the application?
What is required to continue using the application?
What is the name of the arena mentioned in the application?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What sports teams share the same colors in Pittsburgh?
In what year was the Terrible Towel invented?
How many Super Bowls have the Pittsburgh Steelers won?
How many World Series titles have the Pittsburgh Pirates won?
How many Stanley Cups have the Pittsburgh Penguins won?
What is the name of the city's first National Hockey League (NHL) franchise?
Who is the founder of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the nickname of Pittsburgh due to the number of prominent quarterbacks from the area?
Who invented the Terrible Towel?
In what year was the Terrible Towel invented?
Who is sometimes called the "Cradle of Quarterbacks"?
What is Pittsburgh sometimes called?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Penguins' home arena?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers' home stadium?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Pirates' home stadium?
How many World Series titles have the Pittsburgh Pirates won?
How many Super Bowls have the Pittsburgh Steelers won?
How many Stanley Cups have the Pittsburgh Penguins won?
What is the name of the women's American football team based in Pittsburgh?
In what year was the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC founded?
What is the name of the rugby sevens team based in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the women's soccer team based in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the baseball team that competed in Recreation Park in 1876?
Who purchased the Pirates in 1900?
What is the name of the stadium built by Barney Dreyfuss?
In what year did the Pirates win their first World Series title?
Who hit the walk-off home run in the 1960 World Series?
When was the City Game between Pitt and Duquesne first played?
What year was the University of Pittsburgh's baseball team first played?
How many PGA Championships have been held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first MLB All-Star Game held in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the annual road race in Pittsburgh?
How many times has the NCAA Men's Final Four Tournament been held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first Head of the Ohio Regatta held?
How many years has the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix been held?
What year was the first Pittsburgh Marathon held?
How many teams are in the Pittsburgh Cricket Association?
What year was the Pittsburgh Cricket Association revived?
How many members are in the Pittsburgh Cricket Association?
What year was the Dapper Dan Charities founded?
What is the name of the civic sports organization that hosts the Dapper Dan Charities awards banquet?
How many times has the US Open been held at Oakmont Country Club?
What year was the first NHL All-Star Game held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first NHL Entry Draft held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first NHL Stadium Series held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first AHL All-Star Game held in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first NCAA Men's Frozen Four Tournament held at PPG Paints Arena?
How many times has the NCAA Women's Final Four Tournament been held in Pittsburgh?
When was the Dapper Dan Charities' annual dinner first held?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Cricket Association's charter that was revived in 2004?
How many teams are in the Pittsburgh Cricket Association?
What is the name of the tennis tournament that was held at the Civic Arena from 1979 to 1984?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Triangles win the WTT championship?
Who is the owner of the Dallas Mavericks?
What is the nickname of the Pittsburgh region due to its production of NFL quarterbacks?
How many Super Bowl MVP awards did Joe Montana win?
Who is the National Football League's most valuable player in 1959, 1964, and 1967?
How many books has author Jim O'Brien written about Pittsburgh sports?
What is the name of the Steel City Derby Demons' league?
In what year did the Dirty Dozen Cycle Race start in the city?
How many teams are in the Pittsburgh Cricket League?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Open tennis tournament end?
Who is the author of 20 books about Pittsburgh sports?
What is the nickname of the Pittsburgh region for producing quarterbacks?
How many NFL quarterbacks were produced by the Pittsburgh region?
Who is a former Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback?
What is the name of the club that folded in 1896?
What is the name of the team that partially merged into the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1925?
In what year did the Homestead Grays fold?
What is the name of the team that morphed into the Pittsburgh Pirates/Steelers in 1932?
In what year did the Pittsburgh baseball team relocate to New Martinsville?
What is the name of the team that folded in 1898?
What is the name of the team that folded in 1909?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Bulls indoor lacrosse team fold?
What is the name of the team that folded in 1937?
What is the name of the team that relocated to Washington D.C. in 2000?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Filipinos become the Pittsburgh Stogies/Rebels?
What is the name of the team that was inactive in 2014?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Forge relocate to Toledo?
What is the name of the team that folded in 1967?
What is the name of the team that folded in 1994?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Exposition Park I?
What league did the Pittsburgh Pirates play in from 1925-26 to 1929-1930?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates move to Three Rivers Stadium?
What is the current home stadium of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
When did the Pittsburgh Penguins play at Civic/Mellon Arena?
What is the current home arena of the Pittsburgh Penguins?
What year did the Pittsburgh Power play in the Arena Football League?
What year did the Pittsburgh Rebellion fold?
What league did the Pittsburgh Rens play in from 1961 to 1963?
What year did the Pittsburgh Stogies play in the Federal League?
What year did the Pittsburgh Triangles play in World TeamTennis?
What year did the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets fold?
What year did the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets play in the International Hockey League?
What year did the Steel City Derby Demons fold?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Exposition Park II?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Recreation Park?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Forbes Field?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates play at Three Rivers Stadium?
What year did the Pittsburgh Pirates move to PNC Park?
What year did the Pittsburgh Steelers play at Forbes Field?
Who created the Terrible Towel?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Penguins' jersey from the 2000s?
What are the colors of the Pittsburgh sports teams?
Who played in the first home game of the Bruins?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Pirates' history book?
Who was the general manager of the Pittsburgh Xplosion?
What is the name of the arena where the Pittsburgh Penguins play?
Who won the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1991?
Who is the owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Power arena football team?
Who is the quarterback of the Pittsburgh Colts?
What is the name of the sports complex in Pittsburgh?
Who is the founder of the Pittsburgh Maulers?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers play their first game?
Who is the Hall of Famer of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who ranked the Steelers fans as No. 1?
Who is the owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Passion's season review?
Who is the quarterback of the Pittsburgh Maulers?
When did the Pittsburgh Maulers franchise return in 2022?
When was the Pittsburgh Power unveiled as an arena football expansion team?
What team was unveiled as an arena football expansion team in 2010?
What is the name of the women's American football team?
What is the name of the sports complex unveiled in 2008?
What is the name of the USFL team returning in 2022?
What is the name of the sports league that Pittsburgh Riveters are part of?
What is the name of the rugby team starting play in Pittsburgh in 2023?
What is the name of the historic Olympic medal-winning team?
What is the name of the kayak route in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the head of the Ohio river route?
What is the name of the vintage car racing event?
What is the name of the marathon in Pittsburgh?
Who is the famous high school basketball player?
What is the name of the cricket association in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous baseball player from Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous baseball player from Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous baseball player from Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous baseball player from Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous football coach?
What is the name of the famous football player?
Who is the subject of the biography in The Washington Post in 2009?
What is the name of the golf tournament profile in PGAtour.com?
Who is the subject of the Arnold Palmer Profile in PGAtour.com?
What is the title of the book by John McCollister in 2002?
What is the title of the book by John McCollister in 2008?
Who wrote the book The Pittsburgh Steelers: The Official Team History, Updated Edition in 2005?
What is the title of the book by Sam Sciullo Jr. in 2005?
What is the name of the Grand Prix event in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Great Race event in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the marathon event in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Mylan Classic event in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Regatta event in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the baseball team in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the basketball team in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the football team in Pittsburgh?
Who hit a walk-off home run in the 1960 World Series?
In what year did the Pirates repeat the accomplishment of their 1925 World Series team?
What award did Willie Stargell win in 1979?
In what year did the team open PNC Park?
Who won the pennant in 1912?
Who won 12 league titles in the Negro leagues?
Who played for the Pittsburgh Crawfords?
Who constructed the first steel and concrete stadium in the Negro leagues?
What league did the Pittsburgh Pirates win in 1937-39?
What team won the first ABA World Championship in 1968?
Who owned the New Orleans Buccaneers?
What team played in the CBA in the mid-1990s?
Who was the owner of the Pittsburgh Xplosion?
When did ice hockey grow in popularity in Pittsburgh?
In what year was the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League (WPHL) established?
Who was the first team to openly hire hockey players?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Pirates win their division and qualify for the playoffs three times in a row?
Who won the NHL Conn Smythe Trophy in 2015-16?
Who won the NFL Defensive Player of the Year award in 2021?
What year did the 1944 MLB All-Star Game take place in Pittsburgh?
What year did the 1990 NHL All-Star Game take place in Pittsburgh?
What year did the 2026 NFL draft take place in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh team that won the WFA title in 2007?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh team that won the ABA title in 2021?
How many Calder Cup titles did the Pittsburgh Hornets win?
What year did the Pittsburgh Triangles win the WTT title?
Who won the ABA MVP award in 1967-68?
Who won the USL Pro MVP award in 2013?
Who won the USL Championship MVP award in 2023?
Who won the WFA National Conference MVP award in 2024?
Who won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award in 1947-48?
Who won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award in 1948-49?
Who won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award in 1950-51?
Who won the ABA Coach of the Year Award in 1967-68?
Who won the ABA Playoffs MVP in 1967-68?
When was the first ice hockey game played in Pittsburgh?
Who was the first person to be paid to play football?
What was the name of the first professional football game held in Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the first fully professional hockey league?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Steelers?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Steelers change their name from Pirates to Steelers?
Who purchased the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1999?
What was the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Pirates played from 1925 to 1930?
How many Stanley Cup championships did the Pittsburgh Penguins win in 2009?
When did the Homestead Library & Athletic Club field the top pro team in the state?
What team did the top players in the area form in 1902?
Who were the suspected financiers of the Pittsburgh Stars?
What was the name of the team founded by Art Rooney in 1933?
What was the Steelers' original nickname?
When did the Steelers change their name to Steelers?
Who was the Steelers' head coach in 1969?
What play became labeled the Immaculate Reception?
How many Super Bowls did the Steelers win between 1974 and 1979?
Who succeeded Bill Cowher as the Steelers' head coach?
How many members of the Steelers are in the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
Who had their number 70 retired in 1964?
Who had their number 75 retired in 2014?
What was the ranking of Steelers' fans in 2008?
How many consecutive games did the Steelers have sellouts?
Who became the majority owner of the Steelers in November 2008?
What was the name of the second Arena Football League team in Pittsburgh?
When did the Pittsburgh Power play in the Consol Energy Center?
What was the name of the women's full-contact football team founded in 2002?
When was the Harmarville Hurricanes founded?
Which year did the Harmarville Hurricanes win the U.S. Open Cup?
Which Pittsburgh area team won the U.S. Open Cup in its earlier years?
What year did the Riverhounds advance as far as the quarterfinals in the U.S. Open Cup?
What year did the Riverhounds advance as far as the quarterfinals in the U.S. Open Cup again?
When was the Pittsburgh Beadling founded?
What year did the Pittsburgh Beadling win the National Amateur Cup?
Who is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame?
What year did the Pittsburgh Forge Rugby Club form?
What year did the Pittsburgh Harlequins Rugby Club found?
What year did the Pittsburgh Steeltoes announced as an expansion team for the Premier Rugby Sevens?
How many active players wear the Harlequin jerseys every year?
What year did the Founders Field Center for Athletic Leadership develop?
How many Olympic medals did the Pittsburgh Steeltoes' women win in 2024?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Penguins win their first Stanley Cup title?
How many World Series titles did the Pittsburgh Pirates win?
In what year did the Homestead Grays win their third Negro World Series title?
Who won the NFL MVP award in 1946?
Who won the NHL Art Ross Trophy in 1995-96?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP award in 1974?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP award in 1975?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP award in 1978?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP award in 1979?
Who won the NHL Conn Smythe Trophy in 1990-91?
Who won the NHL Conn Smythe Trophy in 1991-92?
Who won the NHL Art Ross Trophy in 2006-07?
Who won the NHL Art Ross Trophy in 2011-12?
Who won the NHL Conn Smythe Trophy in 2013-14?
Who won the NFL Defensive Player of the Year award in 2008?
Who won the NHL Art Ross Trophy in 2013-14?
Who won the NFL Defensive Player of the Year award in 2021?
When was the 1944 MLB All-Star Game held in Pittsburgh?
What year did the 1997 NHL draft take place in Pittsburgh?
Who won the ABA MVP award in 1967-68?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Passion win the NWFA title?
How many Calder Cup titles did the Pittsburgh Hornets win?
Who won the USL Championship MVP award in 2023?
Who won the WFA National Conference MVP award in 2024?
Who won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award in 1947-48?
Who won the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award in 1963-64?
Who won the ABA Playoffs MVP award in 1967-68?
Who won the USLC Defender of the Year award in 2019?
Who won the USLC Golden Glove award in 2020?
Who won the USLC Golden Boot award in 2023?
Who won the USLC Coach of the Year award in 2023?
Who won the WFA Coach of the Year award in 2024?
What is the name of the oldest country club in continuous use in the nation?
How many U.S. Open championships has Oakmont Country Club hosted?
When did the city focus on revitalizing its rivers?
What event was hosted by the city in the 2000s?
Who are some golf greats from the region?
When was the Three Rivers Regatta first held?
What university has a long-standing rowing team?
What is the name of the largest river recreation rental in the area?
What is the name of the project that converted miles of former railroads to recreational trails?
What is the name of the trail that provides an all-natural link to Washington, D.C.?
What is the name of the urban hiking experience in the city?
What is the name of the park that features a historical/cultural site including Phipps Conservatory?
What is the name of the park that includes the Allegheny Observatory?
What is the name of the park that includes the Fort Pitt Museum?
What is the name of the team that built a small but loyal fan base for tennis in the region?
What is the name of the facility that is a world-class facility for tennis?
Who are some tennis players from the region who have succeeded in international competition?
When was the Pittsburgh Open hosted in the city?
What is the name of the resort that offers skiing?
What is the name of the public rink created by the Pittsburgh Penguins?
When was the University of Pittsburgh's first football team organized?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Penguins create a new public rink?
Who is one of the notable Olympians from the Pittsburgh area?
Which conference is the University of Pittsburgh a member of?
How many national championships did the University of Pittsburgh win under Pop Warner and Jock Sutherland?
Which Pitt player was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame?
What is the name of the basketball home of the Pittsburgh Panthers?
In what year did Duquesne University win the NIT title?
What is the name of the rivalry game between Pitt and Duquesne?
What is the name of the oldest sport played by the University of Pittsburgh?
In what year did the University of Pittsburgh first play a sanctioned football game?
How many times has Pitt appeared in the Rose Bowl?
What is the name of the public rink created by the Pittsburgh Penguins?
Which university fields a Division III football team?
What is the name of the international tennis tournament held in Pittsburgh?
How many times has Pitt appeared in the Sweet 16?
How many times has Pitt appeared in the Elite Eight?
Who is the author of the article about the Steelers' offensive struggles?
What is the name of the rookie goaltender who made a fantastic NHL debut for the Penguins?
How many points does Penguins' Evgeni Malkin have in his career?
Who is the Steelers' No. 2 quarterback, likely to back up Justin Fields on Sunday?
Which division do the Steelers, Browns, and Bengals belong to?
What is the name of the World Poker Tour that Phil Kessel joined?
How many assists does Penguins' Evgeni Malkin have in his career?
What is the name of the publication that wrote about the Penguins' disastrous opening night?
Who is the author of the article about the Steelers' communication issues?
What is the name of the website that wrote about the NHL Contention Cycle?
Who is the author of the article about the Penguins' Evgeni Malkin's aging process?
What is the name of the player who was placed on waivers by the Penguins?
What is the name of the publication that wrote about the NFL Power Rankings Week 6?
Who is the author of the article about the oddly specific NHL predictions?
Who called a meeting with the Raiders coach?
What is the position of Antonio Pierce?
Which team is Russell Wilson suiting up for as the emergency third quarterback?
What is the condition of Justin Fields?
Who is the Penguins goaltender mentioned in the article?
What is the theme of the NFL Power Rankings Week 6?
Which team is ranked at the top of the NHL's best blue lines?
Who co-authored the article about every NHL team's defense ranked from best to worst?
When is the ITA Cup Preview?
What is the record of Carnegie Mellon (UAA) in women's volleyball?
What is the record of Rochester (N.Y.) (UAA) in women's volleyball?
What is the final score of the women's volleyball match between Carnegie Mellon and Emory?
What is the final score of the women's volleyball match between Carnegie Mellon and Rochester (N.Y.)?
What is the final score of the football match between Carnegie Mellon and Grove City?
What is the record of Carnegie Mellon (UAA) in men's soccer?
What is the record of Rochester (UAA) in women's soccer?
What is the final score of the women's soccer match between Carnegie Mellon and Rochester?
What is the final score of the men's soccer match between Carnegie Mellon and Emory?
When is the Golfweek Invitational scheduled?
At what location is the Mike Woods Invitational held?
What time is the Men's Soccer game against Carnegie Mellon on October 19?
What time is the Women's Soccer game against Carnegie Mellon on October 19?
What time is the Women's Volleyball game against Carnegie Mellon on October 25?
What time is the Men's Soccer game against Carnegie Mellon on October 26?
What time is the Football game against Saint Vincent on October 26?
What time is the Women's Soccer game against Chicago on October 27?
What time is the Women's Volleyball game against Case Western Reserve on October 27?
What time is the Men's Golf game at the O'Briant Jensen Memorial on October 29?
What time is the Men's Golf game at the O'Briant Jensen Memorial on October 29?
What time is the Women's Volleyball game against Point Park on November 2?
What time is the Women's Cross Country game at the UAA Championships on November 2?
What time is the Men's Cross Country game at the UAA Championships on November 2?
What time is the Football game against Westminster (Pa.) on November 2?
What time is the Women's Soccer game against New York U. on November 3?
When is the Track and Field AT Bison Open?
What is the start time of the Men's Basketball Bowdoin VS Carnegie Mellon event?
What is the location of the Men's Cross Country Carnegie Mellon Invitational?
Which university won the Carnegie Mellon Invitational?
What is the name of the women's soccer athlete named as the CMU Tartan Athlete of the Week?
When did Lajoie get named to D3football.com Team of the Week?
What is the name of the event where Tartans Place Third?
When is the Men's Basketball game between Bowdoin and Carnegie Mellon?
When is the Men's Basketball game between Middlebury and Carnegie Mellon?
Where is the Carnegie Mellon University located?
What is the name of the award given to Helena Locateli?
What is the name of the event where Carnegie Mellon University's football player Lajoie was named to D3football.com Team of the Week?
What is the name of the conference where Carnegie Mellon University's women's golf team placed third?
What is the date when Carnegie Mellon University's men's cross-country team won the Carnegie Mellon Invitational?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the student publication that features student-athletes?
Who is the founder of the endowed fund for men's basketball?
What is the name of the athletic facility that features a swimming & diving pool?
What is the name of the street where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the name of the athletic field facility?
What is the name of the student-athlete advisory council?
What is the name of the coach who was named to the NABC All-District 7 Team?
What is the name of the conference where Carnegie Mellon University's men's basketball team competes?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon Athletics?
What is the name of the conference that the 2024-25 Tartan Men's Basketball Schedule is part of?
What is the name of the university that the Tartan Men's Basketball team belongs to?
When is the Tartan Men's Basketball team playing La Roche?
What is the location of the Earlham Classic?
What is the name of the tournament that the Tartan Men's Basketball team is participating in on December 7?
When is the Tartan Men's Basketball team playing Washington & Jefferson?
What is the name of the facility where the Tartan Men's Basketball team is playing on December 30?
When is the Tartan Men's Basketball team playing Dickinson?
What is the name of the stadium where the Tartan Men's Basketball team is playing on January 17?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
When was John Fraser given what will become Braddock's Field?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh in 1816?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1760?
What was the name of the fort established by the French in 1754?
What was the result of the Battle of Fort Duquesne in 1758?
When was the Fort Pitt Blockhouse completed?
What was the name of the newspaper that began publication in 1786?
When was the Board of Trade created in Pittsburgh?
What event occurred on April 10, 1845, in Pittsburgh?
When did the manufacture of "Kier's Rock Oil" begin?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1860?
What company was established in 1861?
When did the Allegheny Arsenal explosion occur?
When did the city of Pittsburgh expand to the east by annexing the borough of Lawrenceville and the townships of Pitt, Oakland, Collins, Liberty, and Peebles?
What was the name of the professional baseball team established in 1876?
When was the Westinghouse Air Brake Company founded?
What was the name of the newspaper that began publication in 1884?
When was the book "Standard History of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania" published?
Who edited the book "Historic Towns of the Middle States"?
What was the title of the book by Lincoln Steffens about Pittsburgh?
What was the title of the book by John Newton Boucher about Pittsburgh?
Who edited the book "Sesqui-Centennial and Historical Souvenir of the Greater Pittsburgh"?
Who edited the book "Women and the Trades"?
What was the title of the book edited by Paul Underwood Kellogg about Pittsburgh's steel industry?
What was the title of the book by Edward Hungerford about Pittsburgh?
What was the title of the book edited by George T. Fleming about Pittsburgh?
What was the title of the book by Barbara Ferman about Pittsburgh?
When was the book "Comparative Civic Culture" published?
Who edited the book "City Makers: American Futures"?
What is the name of the series of articles about Pittsburgh by James Fallows and Deborah Fallows?
What is the title of the research guide about Pittsburgh architecture at Carnegie Mellon University Libraries?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh History Series Teachers' Guide?
What is the name of the research guide about the history of Pittsburgh at Carnegie Mellon University Libraries?
What is the year when the synagogue shooting occurred in Pittsburgh?
When did the Western University of Pennsylvania football team play its first game?
What was established in Schenley Park?
What company was in business in 1890?
What was the standard spelling of Pittsburgh adopted by?
What was the nickname of the National League's Pittsburgh baseball club?
Who became the first professional American football player?
When was the Children's Home of Pittsburgh established?
What was founded in 1895?
When was the first ice hockey game played inside the city?
What was destroyed by fire in 1896?
Who became the first-ever owner of an American football team?
When did the Pittsburgh Zoo open?
When was the Duquesne Brewing Company established?
When was the Pittsburgh Bankers ice hockey team established?
When was the Carnegie Technical Schools established?
Who won the professional football championship in 1900?
When was the Pittsburgh Railways Company established?
Who won the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League title in 1902?
What department store opened in 1903?
When was the first modern World Series played?
When was the construction of Immaculate Heart of Mary Church started?
When was the Wabash Bridge built?
When did the Wabash Railroad begin operating?
When did construction begin on Immaculate Heart of Mary Church?
When did Gayety Theater open?
When did the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League cease operations?
When did the Pittsburgh Victorias cease operations?
When did the Pittsburgh Professionals become the city's representative in the International Professional Hockey League?
When did the Nickelodeon open?
When did Immaculate Heart of Mary Church open?
When was Saint Paul Cathedral built?
When did G. C. Murphy variety shop in business?
When did Frank & Seder in business?
When did the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League re-establish?
When was the Pittsburgh Lyceum ice hockey team established?
When did the Pittsburgh Bankers win their second title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League?
When did Beechview become part of the city?
When was the Pittsburgh Athletic Association organized?
When did the Pittsburgh Lyceum ice hockey team fold?
When did the Duquesne Athletic Club win the 1908–09 season title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League?
When did the Pressed Steel Car Strike of 1909 occur?
When was the Pittsburgh Aero Club founded?
When did Forbes Field open?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates win the 1909 World Series?
When was the Economic Club of Pittsburgh active?
When was the first night baseball game played in Pittsburgh?
Who is the founder of Dapper Dan Charities?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh baseball team that is formed in 1931?
When was the Allegheny Conference on Community Development established?
Who wins the 1943 Negro World Series baseball contest?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh football team that is formed from members of the J.P. Rooneys?
When was the Crawford Grill number 2 established?
Who wins the 1944 Negro World Series baseball contest?
When was the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony Orchestra established?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh hockey team that is established in 1935?
When was the Pittsburgh Americans football franchise folded?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh football team that is renamed in 1940?
Who wins the 1948 Negro World Series?
When was the Crawford Grill number 3 established?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh hockey team that is established in 1936?
When was the Pittsburgh Ironmen ceased operations?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh football team that is formed in 1933?
When was the Fort Pitt Tunnel opened?
Who wins the 1952 F. G. "Teddy" Oke Trophy and Calder Cup?
When was the Pittsburgh Photographic Library created?
When was the Gateway Clipper Fleet began operations?
When was the Fort Pitt Bridge opened?
When did the Greater Pittsburgh Airport open?
What was built in Pittsburgh in 1952?
When was the Pittsburgh Photographic Library created?
What was constructed in 1953?
When was Mellon Square laid out?
What did the Pittsburgh Hornets win in 1955?
When did the Crawford Grill number 3 close?
Where was the 3rd AHL All-Star Game held?
When did the Pittsburgh Hornets relocate?
Where did the Pittsburgh Hornets relocate to?
When did the Duquesne Gardens get demolished?
When did the Grant Street Station open?
Where was the 26th Major League Baseball All-Star Game played?
When did work begin on the Fort Pitt Tunnel?
When was the Shippingport Atomic Power Station commissioned?
When did WTAE-TV begin broadcasting?
When did the Pittsburgh Civic Arena open?
When did the Gateway Clipper Fleet begin operations?
When did WRRK first broadcast?
When did the Fort Pitt Bridge open?
When did the Three Rivers Arts Festival begin?
When was the Pittsburgh Theological Seminary formed?
When did the Point Park College open?
When did the Fort Pitt Tunnel open?
When was the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Children's Museum of Pittsburgh established?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Steelers play?
Who became the mayor of Pittsburgh in 1994?
What is the name of the bridge that was renamed the Roberto Clemente Bridge?
When did the Pittsburgh Riverhounds begin play as a member of the USL's A-League?
What is the name of the convention center that hosted the 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game?
When did the USS Requin become an exhibit for the Carnegie Science Center?
What is the name of the bridge that was renamed the Andy Warhol Bridge?
When did the Pittsburgh Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority form?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Penguins won their third Stanley Cup?
When did the Rivers Casino open?
Who became the mayor of Pittsburgh in 2006?
When did the Pittsburgh Penguins win their first-ever NHL Winter Classic?
What is the name of the brewery that was resurrected in 2008?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers win Super Bowl XLIII?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Penguins won their second Stanley Cup?
When did the Carnegie Mellon University's Remaking Cities Institute establish?
What is the name of the convention that relocated to Pittsburgh?
When did the Pittsburgh Penguins win their third Stanley Cup?
When was the Remaking Cities Institute established?
Who became the mayor of Pittsburgh after Bob O'Connor?
What furry convention relocated to Pittsburgh?
When was the Pittsburgh mayoral special election held in 2007?
Who won the first-ever NHL Winter Classic?
When was the Stanley Cup first awarded in Pittsburgh?
What team defeated the Pittsburgh Penguins in the Stanley Cup Finals in 2008?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers win Super Bowl XLIII?
When did the Rivers Casino open?
When was the G-20 Summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy held?
What is the name of the arena where the Pittsburgh Penguins play?
When did the 2011 Winter Classic take place?
Who defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers in Super Bowl XLV?
When was the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League established?
When was the Pittsburgh Press resurrected as an online newspaper?
Who became the mayor of Pittsburgh in 2014?
How many African-Americans have been elected as the mayor of Pittsburgh?
When was the Pittsburgh Directory for 1815 published?
Who edited the book "Organizing Black America: an Encyclopedia of African American Associations"?
What is the ISBN of the book "Organizing Black America: an Encyclopedia of African American Associations"?
What is the title of the book by Wilson published in 1898?
Who wrote the book "History of Pittsburgh and Environs" Vol. 2?
What is the title of the book by Scott published in 1908?
What is the title of the book by Fleming published in 1916?
What is the title of the book by Reiss published in 2006?
What is the ISBN of the book "Encyclopedia of Major League Baseball Clubs"?
Who wrote the book "Light in the Darkness: African Americans and the YMCA, 1852-1946"?
What is the title of the book by Patterson published in 1932?
What is the title of the book by Boyer published in 2001?
What is the ISBN of the book "Oxford Companion to United States History"?
What is the title of the book by Smull published in 1883?
What is the title of the book by Henderson published in 2007?
What is the ISBN of the book "Artificial Intelligence: Mirrors for the Mind"?
When was the Pittsburgh Transit Strike?
When was the Pittsburgh Newspaper Strike?
What is the name of the food bank in Duquesne, Pennsylvania?
What is the name of the publication that mentions the Pittsburgh Tea Party?
When was the Pittsburgh Tea Party?
What is the name of the hackerspace in Pittsburgh?
When was Pittsburgh as It Is published?
Who edited the Edinburgh Encyclopædia?
When was the Illustrated guide and handbook of Pittsburgh and Allegheny published?
When was the Standard History of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania published?
When was the Bibliography of Municipal Problems and City Conditions published?
Who wrote The Shame of the Cities?
When was the History of Pittsburgh: Its Rise and Progress published?
When does the Three Rivers Arts Festival take place?
What is the name of the program that allows people to share theater experiences?
What is the name of the award presented to remarkable individuals who have made a lasting impact on the community?
When does the fall season celebration take place?
What is the name of the festival that brings people together in unexpected ways?
What is the name of the venue that hosts the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh series?
When does the 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season take place?
Who is the Vice President of Broadway Programming?
What is the name of the event that celebrates the fall season with free and low-cost events?
When does the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival take place?
What is the name of the festival that presents something for everyone?
What is the name of the project that brings access to Broadway?
What is the name of the featured dining partner for the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh series?
When does the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh series featuring Hadestown take place?
What is the name of the new neighbor in the district?
When does The Standard Market & Pint House open?
What is the name of the city's home for magic?
What is the name of the Vice President of Broadway Programming mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season?
Who is the Artist to Watch mentioned in the document on Thu, Mar 5, 2020?
What is the name of the restaurant mentioned in the document on Mon, Feb 24, 2020?
How many LED lights were used to transform Downtown Pittsburgh into a City of Light?
Who is the Artist to Watch mentioned in the document on Wed, Dec 11, 2019?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh luminary mentioned in the document on Thu, Sep 12, 2019?
How old is the Byham Theater's original fire curtain?
How many alleyways are being transformed into public art activations in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the group ticket program offered by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
What is the name of the festival that touches lives and has two stories?
What is the name of the volunteer mentioned in the document on Ginny Kasserman's story?
What is the name of the magical milestone celebrated by Liberty Magic?
What is the name of the featured dining partner mentioned in the document on Nov 2022?
What is the name of the musical mentioned in the document on Nov 2022?
What is the name of the festival mentioned in the document on Jan 2022?
What is the name of the artist mentioned in the document on Amanda Parer's story?
When is the 2020-2021 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season?
What is the name of the featured dining partner for Con Alma in 2022-2023?
Who is the choreographer of the musical "Chaplin"?
What is the name of the festival that explores good ideas in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the restaurant featured as the dining partner for the winter gallery crawl?
Who is the artist behind the installation "Origami"?
What is the name of the event that celebrates the 25th anniversary of Highmark First Night Pittsburgh?
Who is the artist to watch in 2019?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the season with a suggested route?
What is the name of the featured dining partner for Vallozzi's?
Who is the artist to watch in 2022?
What is the name of the event that brings sasson Gabay to Pittsburgh in "the role of a lifetime"?
What is the name of the restaurant featured as the dining partner for Molinaro Ristorante and Bar?
What is the name of the event that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
Who is the artist behind the installation "The Poetry Project"?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the 25th anniversary of Highmark?
What is the name of the artist to watch in 2018?
What is the name of the theater series for families?
What is the name of the musical that is performing at the Benedum?
What is the name of the festival that features music from Motown?
What is the name of the restaurant that is a featured dining partner?
What is the name of the artist to watch in 2019?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the 30th birthday of the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the visual arts & culture study seminar?
What is the name of the jazz festival?
What is the name of the music announcement for the 2017 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival?
What is the name of the restaurant that is a featured dining partner in the Cultural District?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the 50th anniversary of CMU?
What is the name of the artist who plays the role of "Genie" in Disney's Aladdin?
What is the name of the festival that features music from the Pittsburgh International Festival of Firsts?
Since when has the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust been working to make the Steel City a place where the arts can flourish?
What is the size of the Cultural District in downtown Pittsburgh?
What was the Cultural District once known as?
How many people visit the Cultural District each year?
What is the total square footage of real estate managed by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust in the District?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's administrative offices?
What is the phone number for the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's administrative office?
When was the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust founded?
What is the name of the 14-block arts and entertainment/residential neighborhood in Pittsburgh?
How many square feet of property does the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust manage?
What is the seating capacity of the Benedum Center for the Performing Arts?
What is the name of the speakeasy performance space dedicated to the art of sleight of hand and prestidigitation?
How many visitors does the Cultural District attract annually?
What is the estimated economic impact of the Cultural District?
Who is a founder of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
How many blocks comprise the Cultural District?
What is the number of visitors that the Cultural District draws each year?
How many events take place in the Cultural District each year?
What is the name of the High School for Creative and Performing Arts located in the Cultural District?
What is the name of the organization that preserves the historical significance of Downtown Pittsburgh?
How many blocks comprise the Cultural District in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the riverfront recreation spaces located in the Cultural District?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's administrative offices?
What is the size of the Cultural District area?
What is the name of the Convention Center mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the street mentioned in the document as the boundary of the Cultural District?
What is the name of the organization that the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is a project of?
What is the name of the High School for Creative and Performing Arts?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's administrative offices?
What is the phone number for the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's administrative office?
What are the hours of operation for the Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust on Wednesday and Sunday?
What time are the Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust closed on weekdays?
Who are the artists featured in the exhibition "On Air"?
When does the exhibition "On Air" end?
What is the fee of the exhibition "On Air"?
Who is the artist featured in the exhibition "Kim Bond : We Are Not Alone"?
When does the exhibition "Kim Bond : We Are Not Alone" end?
What is the fee of the exhibition "Kim Bond : We Are Not Alone"?
When does the exhibition "Associated Artists of Pittsburgh 110th Annual Exhibition" end?
What is the fee of the exhibition "Associated Artists of Pittsburgh 110th Annual Exhibition"?
When was the first public art project commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
When does the public art project "A Sudden Gust of Wind" end?
What is the name of the public art project featuring 168 lightbulbs?
When does the public art project "The National Museum" end?
Who is the artist featured in the public art project "Thaddeus Mosley"?
When does the public art project "Thaddeus Mosley" end?
What is the name of the public art project featuring billboards on Tito Way?
When was the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust founded?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
What is the name of the theater that was originally designed by Hoffman & Henon and opened in 1928?
What is the seating capacity of the Benedum Center for the Performing Arts?
Who designed the 25-foot bronze fountain in Agnes R. Katz Plaza?
What is the name of the parking garage and centralized box office complex opened by PCT in 2003?
What was the value of PCT's net assets as of 2022?
Who was the first President and CEO of the PCT?
What is the name of the complex opened by the PCT in 2003?
What is the size of Theater Square in square feet?
What is the name of the gallery showcasing regional artists' work?
What is the name of the programming division of the PCT that became a part of the organization in 2008?
What is the name of the festival presented by the PCT in 2004?
What is the name of the building that became home to the Trust Arts Education Center?
What is the name of the festival presented by the PCT in 2007?
What is the name of the programming division of the PCT that became a part of the organization in 2009?
What was the total revenue of the PCT as of 2010?
Who was the Chairman of the PCT's Board of Trustees until his resignation in 2012?
Who replaced Kenneth Milani as the interim Chairman of the PCT's Board of Trustees in 2012?
What is the name of the public art project featuring Louise Bourgeois sculptures?
Who was commissioned to create the Cell Phone Disco public art project in 2010?
What is the name of the public art project featuring two bronze magnolia trees?
Who selected Tony Tasset's "Magnolias for Pittsburgh" to be in the 2007 "Year in Review"?
Where is the installation "Momento Mori" located?
What is the size of the electronic sign "Sign of Light"?
In what year did the PCT invite Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman to bring his Rubber Duck sculpture to Pittsburgh?
What is the price of the rubber duck-sized versions of Rubber Duck?
What is the name of the organization that brought the Rubber Duck sculpture to Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the document that provides information about the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
When does the exhibition "Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape" end?
What is the title of Erin Jane Nelson's artwork featured in the exhibition "Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape"?
When is the call for submissions for the "Envisioning A Just Pittsburgh" initiative?
What is the duration of the exhibition "The Stories We Keep"?
What is the name of the exhibition featuring Pixar characters at the Carnegie Science Center?
How many years old is Dippy, the dinosaur, as of 2023?
What is the name of the new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the 30th anniversary exhibition at The Warhol?
What is the name of the event where AI and art will be discussed?
What is the estimated number of scientific specimens at the Carnegie Museums?
How many years is Carnegie Museum of Natural History celebrating?
What is the name of the archive featured in the new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the exhibition at The Warhol that reveals more about two Pop icons' works?
How many scientific specimens are part of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History's collection?
How many art objects are part of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History's collection?
What is the name of the display featuring hundreds of scenes that bring the rich history of western Pennsylvania to life?
What type of sessions are offered by Sound Series artists at The Warhol?
What is the name of the exhibition about Ancient Egypt at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
When does the exhibition "KAWS + Warhol" end?
What is the name of the exhibition featuring the work of Tatiana Bilbao Estudio?
What is the name of the monthly event at the Science Center?
What is the name of the exhibition about photography, ecology, and the contemporary landscape?
When does the exhibition "Beate Kuhn: Turn" end?
What is the name of the workshop at the Science Center?
What is the name of the exhibition about art featuring the work of Gertrude Abercrombie?
What is the name of the film series at the Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the after-hours event at the Science Center on January 18, 2025?
When does Carnegie Lab – Saturday Art Activities take place?
What is the date range of the Nearing Each Other Art Exhibitions?
What is the name of the Carnegie museum of art?
What is the name of the Carnegie science center?
What is the name of the Carnegie museum of natural history?
What is the name of the Andy Warhol museum?
What is the date of the Halloween Hunt Science Center Activities?
What is the name of the event on November 2, 2024?
What is the name of the event on November 30, 2024?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What famous machine learning venue had its first conference in Pittsburgh in 1980?
Who is the host of the TV game show "The Price is Right"?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based documentarian?
Who is the announcer known as "Porky Chedwick"?
What is the name of the Pulitzer Prize-winning writer?
Who is the manager of Michael Jackson?
What is the name of the cartoonist?
Who is the host of the TV show "Miami Ink"?
Who is the tattoo artist on "Miami Ink"?
What is the name of the radio talk show host?
Who is the author of the book "Adventure Time"?
What is the name of the TV show that features the adventures of a young boy?
Who is the anchorman at WTHR in Indianapolis, Indiana?
Who is the opinion writer and editor?
What is the name of the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist?
Who is the host of the TV show "Later Today"?
Who is the host of the TV show "SportsCenter"?
What is the name of the sports talk radio host?
Who is the sportswriter?
Who is the ESPN college football analyst?
Who is the sports journalist and radio personality?
When did Bill Burns anchor at KDKA?
Who won the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography?
Who is the director of The Walking Dead?
Who wrote the lyrics to "Moody's Mood for Love"?
Who is the lead singer of TV on the Radio?
When was the first movie theater invented?
Who is the director of Night of the Living Dead?
Who is the guitarist for Sinatra?
Who is the singer of "Moody's Mood for Love"?
Who is the lead guitarist and co-singer/songwriter of Anti-Flag?
Who is the singer for Me First and the Gim me Gimmes?
Who is the guitarist in the rock bands Winger and Whitesnake?
Who is the singer for Ratt?
Who is the musician and actor in TV on the Radio?
Who is the singer for Korn?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the Iron City Houserockers?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the political punk rock band Anti-Flag?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the alternative rock band Girl Talk?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the lo-fi musician Weird Paul Petroskey?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the rock band Winger?
Who is the singer and songwriter of the rock band Whitesnake?
Who is the lead singer of the rock band Winger?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based rock band?
Who is the founder of the Pilobolus dance company?
Who is the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race season 4?
Who is the poet laureate of NC from 2012-2014?
Who is the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay"?
Who is the artist known for his comic book art?
Who is the painter and sculptor?
Who is the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright?
Who is the novelist and screenwriter?
Who is the comic book writer and editor?
Who is the lead singer of the rock band TV on the Radio?
Who is the lead guitarist and co-singer/songwriter of Anti-Flag?
Who is the member of the rap duo Grand Buffet?
Who is the artist and activist?
Who is the choreographer?
Who is the dancer and choreographer?
Who is the artist and poet?
Who is the author and historian?
Who is the novelist and poet?
Who is the novelist and screenwriter?
Who is the first MLB player with 4 home runs in a game?
Who is the founder of the Crawfords?
Who is the first drafted African-American in the NBA?
Who is the heavyweight champ in 1923?
Who is the five-time gold medalist at U.S. figure skating?
Who is the owner of the Pittsburgh Pirates?
Who is the former owner of the Cavaliers?
Who is the owner of the Mavericks?
Who is the first baseman for the Giants?
Who is the Hall of Fame member and shortstop?
Who is the Hall of Fame inductee and shortstop?
Who is the longtime scout and assistant general manager?
Who is the founding member of the ACC and Olympic selector?
Who is the head coach of Duquesne from 2007-2013?
Who is the middleweight champ in 1934?
Who is the welterweight champ in 1940?
Who is the light-heavyweight champ in 1939-1941?
Who is the first Chief of Staff of the Army?
What is the name of the award presented by the IEEE for outstanding contributions to development of television technology?
Who is the engineer and inventor who developed an early form of television?
Who is the Brigadier General who repulsed Pickett's Charge at Gettysburg?
Who is the physician and advocate for disabled women's healthcare?
Who is the biophysicist who gave sight to some blind people?
Who is the astronaut and professor?
Who is the first soldier from Pennsylvania and possibly the first American soldier killed in World War I?
Who is the radio personality and subject of the movie "Good Morning, Vietnam"?
Who is the U.S. Army reservist convicted of prisoner abuse in connection with the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal?
Who is the Governor of Oklahoma from 1921 to 1925?
Who is the Wyoming governor?
Who is the first female Allegheny County Commissioner?
Who is the U.S. Attorney General from 1987 to 1991?
Who is the Iowa Governor from 1999 to 2007 and Agriculture Secretary from 2009 to 2017?
Who is the Congressman from 1971 to 1977 and Senator from 1977 to 1991?
Who is the Senator from 1977 to 2019?
Who is the law professor who advocated for gay rights?
Who is the founder of the "Hogs" of the 1980s?
What year did Joe Bugel start as an assistant coach?
Who is the head coach of the Pittsburgh Panthers from 1909-1912?
What year did Jim Haslett become the head coach of the Saints?
Who is the founder of the Mavericks?
Who is the Hall of Famer quarterback?
What is the name of the Super Bowl that Dan Marino appeared in?
Who is the first black quarterback in the NFL?
What is the name of the University of Pittsburgh's coach from 1922–1947?
Who is the head coach of the Pittsburgh Panthers from 1986-present?
What year did Marc Bulger play in the NFL?
Who is the quarterback that won the Heisman Trophy?
What is the name of the college that Matt Schaub attended?
Who is the quarterback that won two Super Bowls?
What year did Alex Van Pelt play in the NFL?
Who is the Hall of Famer linebacker?
What year did Bryant Salter play in the NFL?
Who is the quarterback that won the Super Bowl with the New York Jets?
What year did Randy White win the Super Bowl?
Who is the Hall of Famer defensive lineman?
Who is the founder of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
In what year did Art Rooney become the owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the name of the Pro Football Hall of Fame member who was the second chairman of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
In what year did Dan Rooney become the second chairman of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who is the current owner of the Carolina Panthers?
In what year did Bill Nunn start working as a Steelers scout?
Who is the former NHL defenseman who played for the Bruins, Lightning, Oilers, and Islanders?
What is the name of the Duquesne University football contributor who was a pro football pioneer?
Who is the founder of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
When did Bill Nunn start working as a Steelers scout?
What university is associated with Duquesne University?
Who is the second chairman of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who is the owner of the Carolina Panthers?
Who won the 1971 U.S. Open as an amateur?
Which hockey player played for the Capitals as a winger from 2017?
Who is the owner of the MLS's Charlotte FC?
Who won the 1996 gold medal in freestyle wrestling?
Who is the gold medalist in long jump at the 1948 Summer Olympics?
Who is the four-time Olympian competitive swimmer?
Who is the gold medalist in rowing in 2016 Olympics?
Who is the WTA player who reached the 4th round of U.S. Open?
Who is the WWE/TNA wrestler and Olympic gold medalist?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the name of the famous bicycle race won by Danny Chew?
Who made the first transcontinental flight?
Who founded the first US steel company?
What is the name of the steel company founded by Charles Martin Hall?
Who is the founder of Bethlehem Steel?
Who is the CEO of U.S. Steel?
Who founded the Buell Motorcycle Company?
Who founded the Pennsylvania Railroad?
Who founded the Mellon Financial?
Who is the founder of Duolingo?
Who is the creator of JavaScript?
Who is the founder of Quora?
Who is the founder of Flickr and Hunch?
Who is the founder of Tribune-Review?
Who is the CEO of H.J. Heinz?
Who is the electrical engineer on Solar Impulse?
Who is the founder of the Boy Scouts of America?
What is the name of the steelworkers union president?
Who is the inventor of the first polio vaccine?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University professor who won the Nobel Prize for Economics?
Who is the founder of the H.J. Heinz Company?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based bank founded by Thomas Mellon?
Who is the founder of Duolingo?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based newspaper founded by Richard B. Mellon Scaife?
Who is the founder of the Harmonists?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based university founded in 1900?
Who is the founder of the Hunch?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company founded by H.J. Heinz II?
Who is the founder of the American Atheists?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based hospital founded by Dr. Irene Jakab?
Who is the founder of the Alice?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company founded by Ed Grier?
Who is the founder of the 84 Lumber?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company founded by John Baptiste Ford?
Who is the founder of the Quora?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company founded by Regis McKenna?
Who was the first soldier from Pennsylvania, and possibly the first American soldier, killed in World War I?
Who was the Governor of Oklahoma?
Who was the first female Allegheny County Commissioner?
Who was the Governor of Arizona?
Who was the first Secretary of Homeland Security?
Who was the Chairman of the Ways and Means committee from 1898-1913?
Who was the Governor of Iowa from 1999-2007?
Who was the 12th mayor of San Diego?
Who was the 21st mayor of San Diego?
Who was the first female Allegheny County Commissioner?
Who was the Governor of Oklahoma?
Who was the Governor of Arizona?
Who was the Governor of Pennsylvania from 1979-1987?
Who was the Governor of Iowa from 1999-2007?
Who was the Chairman of the Ways and Means committee from 1898-1913?
Who was the Senator from Utah from 1977-2019?
Who was the Senator from Pennsylvania from 1901-1904 and 1917-1921?
Who was the Senator from Kentucky from 2011-present?
Who was the Senator from Texas?
Who was the first African-American in the U.N. (1950-1953) and NATO (1961-62)?
Who was the Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly?
Who was the first woman to serve as a judge in Pennsylvania?
Who was the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs under George W. Bush?
Who was the CIA director from 2006-2009?
Who took a bullet in President Ronald Reagan's 1981 assassination attempt and was declared a hero?
What is the name of the spree killer mentioned in the document?
Who is one of the two "Toolbox Killers" mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the WWE fan and cancer victim mentioned in the document?
When was a new MCG Jazz CD by Guitarist Sheryl Bailey due for release?
What is the name of the founder of Pilobolus who died at 60?
What is the name of the artist who released a painting book titled "Adventures in Painting"?
What is the name of the baseball player mentioned in the document?
Who is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of ADM?
Who is the President of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev?
What is the name of the scientist who gave sight to some blind people?
What is the name of the Nashua Guardsman who led the NY-based 42nd Infantry Division?
What is the name of the attorney who fought for gay rights?
What is the year when Jerome Wolken died?
When was the Carnegie Institute and Library complex added to the National Register of Historic Places?
What is the name of the landmark building that houses the Carnegie Museum of Natural History and the Carnegie Museum of Art?
Who donated the library and the buildings to the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
What is the motto inscribed above the entrance of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh?
When was the Andy Warhol Museum opened?
What was the original purpose of the building that houses the Andy Warhol Museum?
How many floors of gallery and exhibition space does the Andy Warhol Museum have?
How many works of art does the Andy Warhol Museum's collection include?
What is the name of the gallery annex of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art founded?
Who designed the Sarah Scaife Galleries Annex?
What is the name of the Hall of Sculpture?
What is the largest collection of plaster casts of architectural masterpieces in America housed in?
When was the Heinz Architectural Center opened?
What is the name of the archive of African-American photographer Charles "Teenie" Harris acquired by the museum?
How many photographic negatives are in the Charles "Teenie" Harris archive?
What is the name of the museum that houses a collection of 230 dinosaur fossils?
What is the name of the exhibit that houses a collection of 230 dinosaur fossils?
When was the Powdermill Nature Reserve established?
What is the name of the field station for long-term studies of natural populations?
When was the Kamin Science Center opened?
What is the name of the planetarium and observatory housed in the Kamin Science Center?
When was the USS Requin submarine transferred as an exhibit for the science center?
Who founded the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the museum that features the work of Andy Warhol?
What is the name of the museum that features a collection of art from around the world?
What is the name of the museum that features exhibits on natural history and science?
What is the name of the city where the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh are located?
In what year was the Palace of Culture: Andrew Carnegie's Museums and Library in Pittsburgh published?
What is the name of the author of the book "Palace of Culture: Andrew Carnegie's Museums and Library in Pittsburgh"?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art established?
What is the name of the director of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
In what year was the name of the museum officially changed to Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the neighborhood where the Carnegie Museum of Art is located?
What is the name of the architect who designed the Sarah Mellon Scaife Gallery?
What is the name of the art critic who described the Sarah Mellon Scaife Gallery as an "unflawed paradise"?
How many square feet is the Sarah Mellon Scaife Gallery?
How many different exhibitions does the Carnegie Museum of Art host every year?
What is the name of the museum?
What are the main areas of focus of the museum?
How many exhibitions does the museum host annually?
What is the approximate number of pieces in the museum's permanent collection?
What types of works are included in the museum's permanent collection?
What is notable about the museum's collection of chairs?
What is notable about the museum's collection of aluminum relics?
What is the name of the Heinz Architectural Center's facilities?
What type of projects does the Hillman Photography Initiative host?
Who determines the yearly programming of the Hillman Photography Initiative?
What is the name of the section that needs additional citations for verification?
What is the name of the gallery that was originally constructed to display reproduction bronze casts from Pompeii and Herculaneum?
What type of objects are exhibited in the Ailsa Mellon Bruce Galleries?
What is the name of the hall that houses almost 140 full-size plaster casts of elements of buildings?
What is the name of the hall that was modeled after the Parthenon's inner sanctuary?
What is the name of the center dedicated to the collection, study, and exhibition of architectural drawings and models?
What is the name of the gallery that displays the permanent collection of the museum?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art founded?
Who is a longtime curator at the Carnegie Museum of Art?
How long has the Saturday art classes in the galleries of the Carnegie Museum of Art been conducted?
Which artists are alumni of the Saturday art classes in the galleries of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the drawing by Egon Schiele that was seized in 2023?
What is the time period of the Bronze ritualistic vessel?
Who created the View of the Great Fire of Pittsburgh?
Who created the Wheat Fields After the Rain (The Plain of Auvers)?
Who created the Steamboat on the Ohio?
Who is the current director of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
Who was the director of the Carnegie Museum of Art from 1996-2008?
How many years did Gordon Bailey Washburn serve as director of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
Who was the director of the Carnegie Museum of Art from 1922-1950?
How many years did Leon Arkus serve as director of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art founded?
Who founded the Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the building designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes?
What is the name of the city where the Carnegie Museum of Art is located?
What is the name of the river in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the university with a campus in Pittsburgh?
Who is the founder of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year when Carnegie Mellon University was founded?
What is the name of the museum with a collection of plaster casts?
What is the name of the art museum in Philadelphia?
What is the name of the museum in Gettysburg?
What is the name of the museum in Johnstown?
What is the name of the museum in Erie?
What is the name of the museum in Pittsburgh with a collection of bicycles?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the name of the quarterly magazine published in Pittsburgh?
What is the title of the book about Andrew Carnegie's museums?
When was Carnegie Institute founded?
Who founded Carnegie Institute?
What is the name of the first international exhibition of contemporary art held by Carnegie Museums?
Where were the bones of prehistoric creatures found?
What is the name of the dinosaur discovered in 1904?
What is the name of the hall in Carnegie Museums that features architectural wonders?
When was the Sarah Scaife Galleries opened?
What is the name of the new exhibit halls added to Carnegie Museum of Natural History between 1980 and 1993?
What is the name of the partnership between Carnegie Museums and the Buhl Foundation in 1991?
What is the name of the sports and science exhibits opened by Carnegie Science Center in 2001?
When was The Andy Warhol Museum opened?
What is the name of the exhibit that features scientifically accurate, immersive environments spanning the Age of Dinosaurs?
When did the four Carnegie Museums become known as "Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh"?
How many times larger is the Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibit compared to the original dinosaur hall?
Where is the largest collection of casts of architectural wonders on display?
How many people does Carnegie Science Center attract each year?
How many people visit the Science Center every year?
What is the name of the sports and science exhibit at Carnegie Science Center?
When was the Andy Warhol Museum opened?
What is the name of the exhibit at Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
When was the Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibit opened?
What is the name of the collaborative event series launched by Carnegie Museums?
When was the Carnegie Nexus event series launched?
What is the name of the major expansion at Carnegie Science Center?
In what year did Carnegie Science Center complete the PPG Science Pavilion expansion?
What are the hours of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History on Sunday?
What is the fee for a child between 3-18 years old to visit the museum?
What is the fee for an adult 65 years old or above to visit the museum?
What is the fee for a child under 2 years old to visit the museum?
What is the fee for a weekday visit to the museum after 3 pm?
What are the hours of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History on Thursday?
What is the address of Powdermill Nature Reserve?
What is the phone number of Powdermill Nature Reserve?
When will the Charles "Teenie" Harris Archive Gallery open?
How long will Tatiana Bilbao Estudio: City of Rooms be on view?
What is the end date of the Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape exhibition?
Where can one find Beate Kuhn: Turn?
What is the end date of the Beate Kuhn: Turn exhibition?
What is the end date of the Pittsburgh Satellite Reef exhibition?
What is the address of Carnegie Museum of Art?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Museum of Art?
When is the Mindful Museum event?
What is the name of the newsletter that one can sign up for?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Natural History founded?
Who founded the Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
How many square feet is the museum?
How many specimens does the museum hold?
What was the number of admissions in 2008?
What is the name of the hall of ancient Egypt?
In what year did the museum's scientists unearth the fossils of Diplodocus carnegii?
Who founded the Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
What is the name of the dinosaur nicknamed 'chicken from hell'?
What is the name of the museum's publication that offers monographs or collections of related papers from symposia?
What is the name of the museum's publication that documents special topics or areas of research?
Who is the author of the article "Dippy the star-spangled dinosaur"?
What is the name of the museum's publication that offers peer-reviewed articles in organismal biology, earth sciences, and anthropology?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh newspaper that published the article "Dippy the star-spangled dinosaur"?
Who is the author of the article "My T. Rex Is Bigger Than Yours"?
What is the name of the museum that has a collection of dinosaur fossils?
What is the name of the city where the Carnegie Museum of Natural History is located?
When was the Senator John Heinz History Center established?
What is the name of the region's oldest cultural organization?
What is the name of the museum within the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the gallery for changing exhibitions from the Smithsonian Institution?
Who is the museum named after?
What is the location of the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the year the new museum was completed in the Strip District?
What is the name of the building where the Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania operated from 1914 to 1996?
What is the size of the Senator John Heinz History Center?
Who designed the museum building?
What is the name of the sports museum located in the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the library and archives at the History Center?
What is the name of the archaeological site operated by the History Center?
When was Meadowcroft Rockshelter named a National Historic Landmark?
What is the name of the museum operated by the History Center at Point State Park?
When did the History Center start operating Fort Pitt Museum?
What is the name of the exhibit that celebrates 250 years of Western Pennsylvania's significant contributions to the world?
Who is the subject of the exhibit Senator John Heinz: A Western Pennsylvania Legacy?
What is the name of the exhibit that explores the origins, development, and aftermath of the global French and Indian War?
What is the name of the exhibit that showcases Pittsburgh's reign as America's "glass city"?
What is the name of the exhibit that chronicles the history of the H.J. Heinz Company?
What is the name of the exhibit that provides a behind-the-scenes look at the museum's collection?
What is the name of the exhibit that houses artifacts illustrating the rich ethnic history and corporate fabric of the Pittsburgh region?
How many square feet of exhibit space does the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum span?
How many floors does the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum occupy?
When was the Heinz History Center founded?
What is the name of the dinner held at the Heinz History Center in 2014?
Who is the subject of the article "Senator John Heinz: A Western Pennsylvania Legacy"?
What is the name of the exhibit about the British, French, and Indian War at the Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the exhibit about Lewis and Clark at the Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the special collection at the Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the historic village and rockshelter owned by the Heinz History Center?
When was the Heinz History Center founded?
What is the name of the museum that features the art of Andy Warhol?
What is the name of the park that marks the point where the three rivers meet?
Who was the Senator that the Heinz History Center is named after?
What is the name of the publication that contains digitized films and photographs from the History Center's Library and Archives?
What is the name of the museum that features the history of the American Revolution?
What is the name of the organization that manages the city's airport, convention center, and other facilities?
What is the name of the publication that contains information about Pittsburgh's landmark architecture?
What are the hours of the Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the new exhibition at the Heinz History Center?
When is the 11th annual Hometown-Homegrown food festival?
What is the name of the event that celebrates the Jewish holiday of Sukkot?
When is the Girls of Steel Robotics Workshop?
What is the affiliation of the Heinz History Center?
What are the hours of the Fort Pitt Museum?
What is the address of the Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village?
What are the hours of the Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village?
What is the address of the Heinz History Center?
What is the address of the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum?
What is the address of the Fort Pitt Museum?
What are the hours of the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum?
What is the phone number of the Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the current special exhibition at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What type of art is featured in the Treasured Ornament exhibition?
What is the name of the tour that explores the story of America's transition from carriage to car?
When is the Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour available on October 16?
What organization is hosting a free tree walk through The Frick Pittsburgh's grounds on October 17?
What is the name of the event that combines Islamic art and music on October 19?
Who is the current Artist Educator-in-Residence at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the holiday-themed tour of Clayton on November 23?
What is the address of The Frick Pittsburgh?
What are the hours of operation for The Frick Pittsburgh's gardens and grounds?
What is the name of the program that offers free admission to Treasured Ornament for Allegheny County Library Card holders?
What is the date of the event that celebrates the season with a home decked for the holidays?
What is the date of the event "Tradition: A Fusion of Islamic Art and Music Across the Ages"?
What time does the event "Tradition: A Fusion of Islamic Art and Music Across the Ages" start?
Who is the current Artist Educator-in-Residence at the Frick?
What is the date of the event "Artist Educator-in-Residence Open Studio Day"?
What is the address of the Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the phone number of the Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the website of the Frick Pittsburgh?
When was The Frick Pittsburgh established?
Where is The Frick Pittsburgh located?
What is the name of the Frick family's nineteenth-century residence?
Who is the founder of The Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the executive director of The Frick Pittsburgh?
Who designed the Frick mansion?
When was the Playhouse constructed?
What is the name of the Car and Carriage Museum?
When was the $15 million renovation of The Frick Pittsburgh completed?
What is the size of the Frick Art Museum's collection of works on paper by Jean-François Millet?
Who painted "Saint Catherine"?
Who painted "Scenes from Homer's Odyssey"?
What is the year of the automobile "Brougham" on display?
What is the model of the automobile "Outing Wagon" on display?
What is the year of the automobile "Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost Touring Car" on display?
What is the model of the automobile "Auto Red Bug Flyer" on display?
What is the model of the automobile "American Bantam Convertible Coupe" on display?
When did Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier create the painting "1806, Jena"?
What is the name of the exhibition that the Frick Art & Historical Center hosted from June 11, 2016 to September 4, 2016?
Who painted the portrait "Portrait of Charlotte Marguerite de Montmorency, Princess of Conde"?
Who painted the painting "View on the Grand Canal at San Geremia, Venice"?
What is the name of the museum that hosts numerous exhibitions, including "Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe"?
What is the name of the artist who created the painting "Still Life with Fruit"?
What is the name of the building where the Frick Art & Historical Center is located?
What is the name of the automobile on display at the Frick Art & Historical Center, made in 1881?
What is the name of the city where the Frick Art & Historical Center is located?
When did the Frick Art & Historical Center undergo a $15 million update?
What is the name of the exhibit on high-heeled shoes at the Frick Art & Historical Center?
What is the name of the book about Helen Clay Frick published in 2007?
What is the name of the book about Pittsburgh's landmark architecture published in 1997?
What is the name of the museum in the University of Pittsburgh Press?
What is the name of the organization that manages the historic landmarks in Pittsburgh?
How many Fortune 500 companies are headquartered in Pittsburgh?
What is the rank of PNC Financial Services in the Fortune 500 list?
What is the industry of PPG Industries?
What is the rank of Wesco International in the Fortune 500 list?
What is the industry of U.S. Steel?
What is the rank of Alcoa in the Fortune 500 list?
What is the industry of Wabtec?
What is the name of the law firm Buchanan, Ingersoll & Rooney?
What is the name of the company that provides commercial/residential security services?
What is the name of the healthcare system that includes Highmark Inc. and Allegheny Health Network?
What is the name of the professional association SAE International?
What is the name of the university that is a nonprofit corporation?
What is the name of the company that provides e-learning services?
What is the name of the company that provides industrial services?
What is the name of the company that provides security services?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the name of the company that provides commercial and industrial roofing services?
What is the name of the security company mentioned in the document?
What is the address of Wexford Health Sources?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company that produces steel?
What is the name of the company that produces ice cream?
What is the name of the company that produces security cameras?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based company that produces medical equipment?
What is the name of the company that provides e-learning services?
When is Pittsburgh Restaurant Week in January?
What is the duration of Fish Fry Season?
How many local restaurants participate in the South Side Soup Contest?
What is the name of the food fair that highlights Pittsburgh's diverse culinary scene?
What is the name of the Jewish food festival in April?
What is the name of the dessert festival in April?
What is the name of the park where Pittsburgh Veg Fair takes place?
When does the Mac & Cheese Festival take place?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates pickling in Pittsburgh?
When does Little Italy Days take place?
When is the Mac & Cheese Festival?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates pickling in Pittsburgh?
When does Little Italy Days take place?
What is the name of the festival that highlights local vegetable-based restaurants and shops?
When does the Pittsburgh Irish Festival happen?
When is the Lawrenceville Cookie Tour?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates tacos in Pittsburgh?
When does Picklesburgh return in 2025?
What is the name of the organization that produces Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the trademark that Picklesburgh is registered under?
What is the name of the area where kids can play at Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the festival that features a taste of pickles?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates pickles?
When are specialty cocktails available at Picklesburgh?
What is the time range for specialty cocktails on Sunday at Picklesburgh?
Who produces Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the trademark that Picklesburgh is registered under?
What is the name of the area where kids can play at Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the activity area for kids at Picklesburgh?
What time range is happy hour available at Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the organization that produces Picklesburgh?
When was the Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival founded?
Who founded the Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What is the name of the organization that helps recruit vendors and organize entertainment?
What is the name of the venue for the 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What is the name of the organization that provides authenticity to the taco-themed event?
When is the 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival taking place?
What is the name of the organization that helps with vendor recruitment?
Who is the Pittsburgh Taco Festival working closely with?
What is the duration of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter 2025?
When does Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter 2025 take place?
What is the name of the contest held during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the organization hosting Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the duration of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week in general?
What is the name of the social media page for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week on Facebook?
What is the name of the social media page for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week on Twitter?
When is Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter 2025?
What is the duration of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the Facebook event for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the organization behind Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh region where restaurants are participating in Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the newsletter that promotes a service, product, or exclusive deal to all participant contacts?
What is the name of the website for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the social media page for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week on Twitter?
What is the name of the social media page for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week on Facebook?
What is the duration of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024?
What is the Early Access Weekend for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024?
What is the recommended dining arrangement for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024?
What is the period for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2014?
What is the period for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter 2014?
What is the recommended way to ensure getting the correct menus and pricing during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024?
What is the period for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2013?
When does Pittsburgh Restaurant Week take place in 2024?
What is the name of the early access weekend for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week 2024?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $21.24 meal during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where The Beerhive is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $45.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Cafe Notte is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $45.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Christian James Restaurant is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $45.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $39.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $29.24 lunch during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Hofbrauhaus is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $45.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Khalil's Middle Eastern Restaurant is located?
What is the name of the restaurant that offers a $45.24 dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What is the name of the neighborhood where LeMont Pittsburgh is located?
What are the dates for Little Italy Days in 2024?
How long does Little Italy Days last in 2024?
How many stages are there at Little Italy Days?
How many acts are performing at Little Italy Days?
Is Little Italy Days free?
What is the cost of the VIP Experience for one person?
What is the cost of the VIP Experience for two people?
Where is Little Italy Days located?
What is the name of the street where the bocce court is located?
What is the entry fee for the Little Italy Days Bocce Tournament?
What is the start time for the Little Italy Days Bocce Tournament on Saturday?
What is the start time for the Little Italy Days Bocce Tournament on Sunday?
What is the fee for participating in the Miss Little Italy pageant?
What is the start time for the golf tournament on July 28, 2019?
When did Little Italy Days start?
What is the duration of Little Italy Days?
Who has produced Little Italy Days since 2012?
How long has Sal Richetti been performing as a local musician?
What is the name of the company owned by Sal Richetti?
When did Sal Richetti expand Little Italy Days to four days?
When did Little Italy Days move from September to August?
When does the Great American Banana Split Celebration take place?
What is the name of the dessert that started in Latrobe?
Who is credited with creating the banana split?
What is the official dessert of Pennsylvania?
How long has the Great American Banana Split Festival been a staple in Latrobe?
What is the name of the 5K run at the festival?
What is the name of the baking contest at the festival?
What is the name of the challenge hosted by Dole at the festival?
What is the name of the gala at the festival?
What is the phone number of the Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce?
When is the 5K Banana Run?
What is the distance of the 5K Banana Run?
What is the theme color for the 5K Banana Run?
What is the name of the blood drive event?
What is the name of the cornhole tournament event?
What is the name of the baking contest event?
What is the name of the Dole banana challenge event?
What is the prize for the Dole Great American Banana Challenge?
Where is the Yellow Tie Gala held?
What is the contact phone number of the Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce?
When was the Pittsburgh Steelers founded?
How many Super Bowl wins does the Steelers team have?
When did the Penguins appear in the playoffs for the 28th time?
Who is the current owner of the Penguins?
When did the Pirates play their first National League game?
Who is the owner of the Pirates?
When did the Pirates last win the World Series?
When did the Penguins win the President's Trophy?
In what year did the Penguins win back-to-back Stanley Cup championships?
What is the name of the arena that the Penguins call home?
In what year did the Pirates play their first National League game?
Who took over as owner of the Pirates in 2007?
What is the name of the stadium that the Pirates call home?
When did the first Picklesburgh festival take place?
Where was the first Picklesburgh festival held?
Who organized the Picklesburgh festival?
Who sponsored the Picklesburgh festival?
What inspired the creation of Picklesburgh?
What new pickle flavors did Heinz debut at Picklesburgh 2016?
Where was the 2017 Picklesburgh festival held?
How many days was the Picklesburgh festival initially?
How many days was the Picklesburgh festival in 2018?
How many days was the Picklesburgh festival in 2024?
Why was the 2020 Picklesburgh festival canceled?
Where was the 2021 Picklesburgh festival held?
How many attendees was the 2022 Picklesburgh festival?
Where was the 2023 Picklesburgh festival held?
How many attendees was the 2023 Picklesburgh festival?
What was the prize for the pickle juice drinking competition winner?
What was the name given to the winner of the pickle juice drinking competition?
When did the inaugural Picklesburgh festival take place?
What is the name of the bridge where the inaugural Picklesburgh festival took place?
What is the name of the organization that organizes Picklesburgh?
Who is the reigning "Mayor of Picklesburgh"?
How long did Dan Koba take to drink a quart of pickle juice?
Who set the all-time record for drinking a quart of pickle juice at Picklesburgh?
How long did Jalen Franko take to drink a quart of pickle juice?
What is the name of the festival that Picklesburgh was voted the "best specialty food festival in America" in?
How many attendees were hospitalized during Picklesburgh 2023?
When was Picklesburgh founded?
What is the location of Picklesburgh 2023?
How many visitors attended Picklesburgh 2023?
How many attendees were hospitalized due to heat exhaustion and other ailments?
What is the name of the competition at Picklesburgh?
What is the prize for winning the pickle juice drinking competition?
Who is the 2023 champion of the pickle juice drinking competition?
What is the record time for drinking a quart of pickle juice?
What is the title given to the winner of the pickle juice drinking competition?
In what year did Picklesburgh move to a new location?
When did Picklesburgh extend its festival by adding an extra day?
Where was Picklesburgh originally held in 2022?
How many people were hospitalized during Picklesburgh in 2023?
Who reported on the Picklesburgh festival in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette?
When did Picklesburgh announce a new location for 2022?
What was the main event that occurred during Picklesburgh in 2023?
When did Picklesburgh return to Pittsburgh with safety precautions in 2021?
When was the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium opened?
What was the amount donated by philanthropist Christopher Lyman Magee for the construction of a zoological garden in Pittsburgh's Highland Park?
When did Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens open to the public?
In what year did the National Aviary receive the honorary declaration of national status by the United States Congress?
Who offered to donate $250,000 for a free library in Pittsburgh?
In what year did the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh's 19 branches host more than 2.9 million visitors each year?
What is the name of the largest museum in America dedicated to a single artist?
What is the name of the Smithsonian's home in Pittsburgh and one of the largest history museums in Pennsylvania?
How many visitors does the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh host each year?
How many museums does the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh have?
What is the name of the largest museum in America dedicated to a single artist?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra founded?
How many branches does the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh have?
What is the name of the history museum that is the Smithsonian's home in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the theater where some of the most talented performers in America have graced the stages?
What is the name of the website that the City of Pittsburgh is launching on October 22, 2024?
Who created the Smiley :) emoticon?
In what year was the Smiley :) emoticon created?
Who is the Carnegie Mellon professor who partnered with the Girl Scouts to create a negotiation badge?
What is the name of the Girl Scout badge for negotiation?
Who is the Carnegie Mellon alumnus and robotics pioneer who founded the discipline of Field Robotics?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon establish the nation's first Robotics Institute?
What is the name of the $2 million robotic autonomous vehicles race that the Tartan Racing Team won?
How many startups linked to CMU have raised over $7 billion in follow-on funding over the past 10 years?
What is the approximate amount of money that CMU-linked startups have raised over the past 10 years?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University's undergraduate Computer Science program in the 2023 U.S. News & World Report?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
How many degree-granting locations does Carnegie Mellon University have?
What is the total number of students from the United States at Carnegie Mellon University?
Which country has the second-highest number of Carnegie Mellon University students?
What is the name of the program in Portugal affiliated with Carnegie Mellon University?
How many research partnerships does Carnegie Mellon University have?
What is the name of the welcome center at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year the data about Carnegie Mellon University students, faculty, staff, and alumni was last updated?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the university's mascot?
What is the name of the university's newspaper?
What is the name of the university's athletic conference?
What is the number of Nobel Prize laureates among Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni?
What is the total number of Emmy Awards received by Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?
What was the name of the institution before it became Carnegie Mellon University?
What was the name of the research organization that merged with Carnegie Institute of Technology to become Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is the eighth president of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the iconic building of the Mellon Institute?
What is the name of the student union building at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the large grassy area on the Carnegie Mellon campus?
What is the name of the separate grassy area on the Carnegie Mellon campus?
What is the name of the building where the Margaret Morrison Carnegie College was located?
What is the classification of Carnegie Mellon University?
How many Nobel Prize laureates are among Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni?
How many Turing Award winners are among Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni?
How many Emmy Awards have Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni received?
How many Tony Awards have Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni received?
How many Academy Awards have Carnegie Mellon's faculty and alumni received?
What is the size of Carnegie Mellon's main campus?
How many buildings does Carnegie Mellon own in the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods of Pittsburgh?
When did Carnegie Mellon start purchasing 100% renewable energy for its electricity?
What is the name of the sculpture on the Carnegie Mellon campus?
How many men's teams does Carnegie Mellon have?
How many women's teams does Carnegie Mellon have?
When was the Carnegie Mellon Pre-College program established?
What is the name of the library on Carnegie Mellon's Pittsburgh campus?
What is the name of the research division of Carnegie Mellon that is dedicated to botany, horticulture, and the history of the plant sciences?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon program that provides free courses online in a variety of fields to students globally?
What is the name of the research library housed in the Software Engineering Institute?
What is the name of the joint Ph.D. program in Computational Biology between Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based organization that Carnegie Mellon became a partner of in 2015 to leverage data analysis in healthcare?
Who won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of electron diffraction?
What is the name of the material developed by Stephanie Kwolek at DuPont in 1965?
Who won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber for his pioneering work on laser-based precision spectroscopy?
What is the name of the technique that reveals where atoms are within a material like ricocheting bullets reveal where obstacles are in the dark?
What is the name of the freeware object-based educational programming language with an integrated development environment (IDE)?
What is the name of the distributed computing environment developed at Carnegie Mellon beginning in 1982?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based center that Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh co-hosted a conference in 2012?
When was the Andrew Carnegie Collection added to the university libraries?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh-based greenhouse that Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh partnered on?
When was the one-transistor memory cell invented?
Who won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber?
What is the name of the first true emoticon developed at Carnegie Mellon?
When was the first wi-fi network created by Alex Hills?
Who is the co-founder of Accel Partners?
What is the name of the programming language developed at Carnegie Mellon by W. A. Wulf, D. B. Russell, and A. N. Habermann around 1970?
Who proposed vertical/associational grouping of messages, trends, and events on Twitter by the means of hashtags?
When was the Java programming language released?
Who developed Mach at Carnegie Mellon from 1985 to 1994?
What is the name of the startup accelerator at Carnegie Mellon?
When was the center opened?
Who is the co-founder of Adobe Systems?
When was Sun Microsystems founded?
What is the name of the autonomous vehicle developed by Carnegie Mellon that won the DARPA Grand Challenge in 2007?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Who is the founder of Activision Blizzard?
What year was Adobe Systems founded?
Who is the co-founder of Sun Microsystems?
What year was Accel Partners founded?
Who is the co-founding VP Engineering of NeXT?
What year was Transarc founded?
Who are the co-founders of FORE Systems?
What year was Microsoft Research founded?
Who is the founder of IDEO?
What year was Appaloosa Management founded?
Who is the co-founder of Red Hat?
What year was Cognizant founded?
Who is the founder of Juniper Networks?
What year was Symphony Technology Group founded?
Who is the founder of Astrobotic Technology?
What year was Google X founded?
When was the original wooden fence replaced?
What is the material of the current fence?
How much paint surrounds the fence?
What is the Guinness Book of World Records title of the fence?
What is the typical college dormitory setting at Carnegie Mellon?
What is the name of the first fraternity on campus?
In what year was the Panhellenic sorority community founded?
How many residential buildings are on campus?
What is the name of the specialized community for non-binary students?
What is the name of the Black Student Union at Carnegie Mellon?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon (as Carnegie Tech) win the national intercollegiate riflery championship?
What is the name of the conference Carnegie Tech men's basketball team won in 1936?
How much money was raised by Greek Sing in 2010?
What is the name of the annual fundraiser held by fraternities and sororities?
How many active fraternities are at Carnegie Mellon?
In what year was the Alpha Phi chapter created?
What is the name of the living community suited to the needs of non-binary students?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the student organization that hosts a residential community for upperclassmen?
What is the name of the conference that Carnegie Tech men's basketball team was a member of from 1932 to 1939?
Who is the head coach of the Carnegie Mellon football team?
What is the name of the stadium where Carnegie Mellon football team plays?
In what year did the Carnegie Tech riflery team win the national intercollegiate championship?
Who is the only track athlete to win an NCAA Division III championship?
What is the name of the award received by Lauren Schmidt in 2003?
What is the number of Carnegie Mellon alumni worldwide?
When did Lauren Schmidt receive the NCAA Pennsylvania Woman of the Year award?
In what year was Lauren Schmidt a two-time All-American?
What sports does Carnegie Mellon University offer in its intramurals?
How many Carnegie Mellon University alumni are there worldwide?
What is the name of the award won by John Forbes Nash?
In what year did John Forbes Nash win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics?
Who was the first recipient of the Turing Award?
In what year did Alan Perlis graduate from Carnegie Mellon University?
How many Emmy Award recipients are Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
Who is a 10-time Emmy Award recipient?
How many Academy Award recipients are Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
Who is a Nobel laureate and Carnegie Mellon University alumnus?
Who is the inventor of Kevlar?
Who is the creator of the Java programming language?
Who is the co-founder of Sun Microsystems?
Who is the billionaire hedge fund investor and owner of the Carolina Panthers?
How many astronauts are Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
Who is the co-founder of IDEO?
Who was the founder of Xerox PARC?
Who is the billionaire hedge fund investor and owner of the Carolina Panthers?
Who created the emoticon?
Who created the hashtag?
What is the name of the university where Alan Perlis, a pioneer in programming languages, received his degree?
What is the name of the award won by Alan Perlis, a pioneer in programming languages?
What is the name of the astronaut who perished in the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster?
What is the name of the film composer and recipient of twenty Grammy Awards who did not graduate from Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the university's endowment in 2021?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's student center that was renamed for Cohon?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's research institute that was closed in 2001?
When did Randy Pausch give his last lecture?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's global presence initiative?
When was the Carnegie Prizes competition won by Palmer & Hornbostel?
What is the name of the university's publication that reflects on the people and events of 2005-2006?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's prediction market?
What is the name of the organization that recognized Mellon Institute as a National Historic Chemical Landmark?
When was the Pratt Institute model for Pittsburg School of Technology mentioned in the news?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's annual financial report?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's institutional research and analysis office?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's athletics department?
When was the Carnegie Mellon University's Fact Sheet published?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the campaign that raised $2 billion for CMU?
Who is the current president of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the robotics center at Hazelwood Green?
What is the name of the hall of sciences being built at CMU?
Who donated $25 million to CMU's Computational Biology Department?
What is the name of the Forbes Avenue complex proposed by CMU?
When did Carnegie Mellon University announce its $2 billion campaign?
What is the name of the Heinz Endowments gift to CMU?
What is the name of the university that ranked CMU as one of the top 200 universities?
What is the name of the university that ranked CMU as one of the top 400 universities?
What is the name of the university that ranked CMU as one of the top universities in the world?
When did Carnegie Mellon University break ground for Richard King Mellon Hall of Sciences?
When did Carnegie Mellon University announce a partnership with the Richard King Mellon Foundation?
Who is the former president of Carnegie Mellon University?
When did Carnegie Mellon University's graduate school rankings come out?
What is the name of the magazine that ranked CMU as one of America's 25 New Elite Ivies?
When was the article "2024-2025 Best Global Universities Rankings" published?
What is the name of the university mentioned in the article "U.S. News & World Report Ranks 23 Carnegie Mellon Graduate Programs in Top Ten Nationwide"?
What is the name of the publication that released the article "The Top 25 Undergraduate Drama Schools Ranked"?
What is the name of the university's president mentioned in the article "CMU President Jahanian Welcomes the Class of 2027+"?
What is the name of the publication that released the article "Subject Ranking 2020: Social Sciences"?
What is the year of the publication "Global University Leaders Forum 2015 Members List"?
What is the name of the university's president mentioned in the article "CMU President Welcomes Class of 2026+"?
When was the College of Fine Arts building constructed?
What was the name of the nearby hill that was leveled to build the College of Fine Arts building?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon start purchasing 100% renewable energy for its electricity?
What style of architecture did the campus begin to take shape in?
Who designed the original institution and later the founder of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture?
When was a 1938 master plan by Githens and Keally suggested?
What was the name of the building constructed in 1952?
What was the name of the teaching facilities of the College of Engineering?
What architectural style was adopted in the 1960s?
When was the research budget of Carnegie Mellon grew from roughly $12 million annually?
What was the name of the computing network introduced in the mid-1980s?
When did cmu.edu become one of the first six.edu domain names?
What was the name of the sculpture donated in 2006?
Who donated the 80-foot-tall sculpture Walking to the Sky?
What was the name of the complex housing the School of Computer Science?
What was the name of the university center built in the past two decades?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon Trustee Jill Gansman Kraus donate the sculpture Walking to the Sky?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the neuroscience institute at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the $75 million brain research initiative at Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is leading Carnegie Mellon's New Neuroscience Institute?
What is the name of the research program that teaches computers to read minds at Carnegie Mellon University?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University launch its $75 million brain research initiative?
What is the name of the partnership between Carnegie Mellon University and the Richard King Mellon Foundation?
How much money did Carnegie Mellon University receive for its Future of Science Initiative?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University receive $10 million for its Future of Science Initiative?
What is the name of the center for the neural basis of cognition at Carnegie Mellon University?
When was the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition established?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University's lunar rover project?
What is the name of the software process model developed by Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the research project on programmable matter?
Which US college has a partnership with Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar's Education City?
Who was the alumnus who got star treatment?
What was the name of the major motion picture filmed on Carnegie Mellon University campus?
What is the name of the musical show created by a Carnegie Mellon University alumnus?
What is the name of the awards ceremony where Zachary Quinto and Matt Bomer introduced a new educator honor?
What is the name of the intercollege degree program at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the degree program in the BXA intercollege degree program?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University's graduate schools in 2009?
When was the first conference of ICML held in Pittsburgh?
What is the date of the archived document "Transfer Applications"?
What is the date of the archived document "BXA Intercollege Degree Programs"?
What is the date of the archived document "BXA Intercollege Degree Programs – The Programs"?
What is the date of the archived document "BXA Intercollege Degree Programs – BHA Program"?
What is the date of the archived document "BXA Intercollege Degree Programs – BSA Program"?
What is the date of the archived document "BXA Intercollege Degree Programs – BCSA Program"?
What is the date of the archived document "UBA Curriculum Change"?
What is the date of the archived document "Integrative Design, Arts, and Technology"?
What is the date of the archived document "Home: Hunt Institute"?
What is the date of the archived document "Middle States Accreditation"?
What is the date of the archived document "Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center"?
What is the date of the archived document "Cross Registration"?
What is the date of the archived document "SLRF 2012 in Pittsburgh"?
What is the date of the archived document "Alice.org"?
What is the year of the publication of "The Design and Implementation of the 4.4 BSD Operating System"?
What is the date of the archived document "How Wi-Fi got its start on the campus of CMU, a true story"?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the university's 25th Project Olympus Show & Tell event?
What field is highlighted at CMU's 25th Project Olympus Show & Tell?
When did the article "Why life sciences and big exits got the spotlight at CMU's 25th Project Olympus Show & Tell" get archived?
What is the name of the university's alumni publication?
What is the name of the university's corporate and institutional partnerships page?
What is the name of the university's walking tour page?
What is the name of the university's housing and residential education page?
What is the name of the university's map page?
What is the name of the university's specialized communities page?
What is the name of the university's spirit house page?
What is the name of the university's intramurals page?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University's institutional research and analysis office?
What is the name of the Carnegie Museum of Art's collection website?
When was the original on September 9, 2016 archived?
When was the original on November 7, 2017 archived?
When was the original on August 30, 2017 archived?
When was the original on September 14, 2017 archived?
When was the original on May 2, 2019 archived?
When was the original on July 24, 2019 archived?
When was the original on March 27, 2023 archived?
When was the Carnegie Technical Schools article written?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art established?
When did the Carnegie Mellon University Press release the Press Release: CMU Drama Students Explore Theatrical Boundaries in "Playground: Festival of Independent Student Work"?
Who is the artist featured in the article "John Currin at Gagosian"?
Who is the artist featured in the article "New York 'Fusion' artist Shalom Neuman brings philosophy to Easton"?
Who is the artist featured in the article "Jonathan Borofsky Interview"?
Who is the artist featured in the article "Burton Morris: The King of Pop Art Hits the 'Red Carpet'"?
Who is the engineer remembered in the article "Judy Resnik: Family, Friends Remember Engineer Who Reached for the Stars"?
What is the name of the college that is defunct?
What is the name of the city where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the building that houses the Squirrel Hill campus?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the name of the museum that is part of Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is the founder of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Technology Center?
Who is the founder of the Mellon family?
What is the name of the university's athletic conference?
What is the name of the global alliance of technological universities that Carnegie Mellon University is a part of?
What is the name of the university's research institute for industrial research?
When was Pennsylvania University established in 1900?
What is the name of the foundation mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the organization that formed the Carnegie Mellon University?
What type of institution is Carnegie Mellon University?
Is Carnegie Mellon University a need-blind educational institution?
When was the document last edited?
What is the license under which the text is available?
What is the name of the non-profit organization that owns the Wikimedia Foundation?
When was Jared L. Cohon elected president of Carnegie Mellon University?
What was the name of the sculpture donated by Carnegie Mellon Trustee Jill Gansman Kraus in 2006?
What is the height of the sculpture Walking to the Sky?
What is the name of the complex that houses the School of Computer Science?
When did the Gates Hillman Complex open for occupancy?
What is the size of the site on which the Gates Hillman Complex is situated?
What was the lead gift amount for the Gates Hillman Complex from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation?
Who is the benefactor of the Randy Pausch Memorial Footbridge?
What was the name of the strategic plan aimed by President Jared L. Cohon during his presidency?
In which year did Carnegie Mellon open a campus of the Heinz College in Adelaide, Australia?
What was the name of the fundraising campaign launched by Carnegie Mellon in 2003?
What was the total amount raised by the Insp!re Innovation campaign?
What was the amount donated by William S. Dietrich II to Carnegie Mellon?
What was the name of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences renamed after William Dietrich's mother?
What is the name of the research institute created in New York in 2012?
What is the name of the building constructed on the Pittsburgh campus in 2012?
What is the name of the institute housed in the Sherman and Joyce Bowie Scott Hall?
When was Carnegie Mellon University's Sherman and Joyce Bowie Scott Hall announced?
Who donated $67 million to develop the Tepper Quadrangle?
What is the name of the innovation center made possible with a $35 million gift from Tata Consultancy Services?
What is the name of the campaign to raise $2 billion to advance the university's priorities?
What is the name of the new mechanical engineering building?
What is the name of the new $105 million athletics center?
What is the name of the new Science Futures Building?
Who was selected as the ninth president of Carnegie Mellon University in 2013?
Who replaced Subra Suresh as the president of Carnegie Mellon University in 2018?
What is the name of the partnership with the Mastercard Foundation?
What is the name of the department that received a $25 million investment from Ray Lane and his wife?
What is the name of the new building that broke ground in April 2024?
What is Carnegie Mellon's ranking in the 2024-2025 U.S. News & World Report rankings?
How many graduate programs are ranked in the Top 10 nationwide by U.S. News in 2022?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon's School of Computer Science in the nation?
What is the name of the university that Carnegie Mellon University Africa is located in?
What is the name of the city where Carnegie Mellon's campus in Kigali is located?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report's 2024-2025 rankings?
How many graduate programs at Carnegie Mellon University were ranked in the Top 10 nationwide in 2022?
What are the three programs ranked first by U.S. News in 2022?
What is the global ranking of Carnegie Mellon University by Times Higher Education?
What is the global ranking of Carnegie Mellon University by QS World University Rankings?
What is the name given to Carnegie Mellon University by Newsweek?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business by Bloomberg Businessweek in 2024?
What is the ranking of the School of Drama by The Hollywood Reporter in 2016?
How much money did Carnegie Mellon University spend on research in the 2021 fiscal year?
What is the primary recipient of research funding at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the middle 50% range of SAT scores for reading and writing of enrolled freshmen?
What is the middle 50% range of ACT composite scores of enrolled freshmen?
What is the classification of Carnegie Mellon University in terms of research activity?
What is the federal investment in Carnegie Mellon University in 2021?
What is the name of the association that Carnegie Mellon University is a member of?
What is the number of elected members of the Association of American Universities?
What is the number of members of the World Economic Forum Global University Leaders Forum?
What is the tuition fee for undergraduate students at Carnegie Mellon University in 2023-2024?
What is Carnegie Mellon University classified as?
How much did the university spend on research in 2021?
What were the primary recipients of research funding in 2021?
What are the main sources of research funding?
Which federal agencies invest the most money in Carnegie Mellon?
What was the ranking of Carnegie Mellon in the 1987 federal budget?
When was the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center founded?
What is the name of the cyberinfrastructure program that Carnegie Mellon is a part of?
What is the name of the lunar rover being developed by the Robotics Institute?
What is the name of the university-wide research institute founded in 2018?
What are the main areas of research focus for the Neuroscience Institute?
What is the name of the collaboration between Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the robot that won the DARPA Urban Challenge?
What is the name of the federally funded research and development center sponsored by the U.S. Department of Defense?
What is the name of the model developed by the Software Engineering Institute?
When was the Center for Machine Translation established?
In what year did the Language Technologies Institute start awarding graduate degrees?
When was the Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department established?
What is the name of the department that developed cross-disciplinary and university-wide institutes and initiatives at Carnegie Mellon?
How many departments are there in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon?
In what year did the Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department officially become a department within the School of Computer Science?
What is the name of the institute that focuses on the intersection of behavioralism and management?
How many international locations does the College of Engineering have?
In what city is the Carnegie Mellon Los Angeles Center located?
In what year was the Integrative Media Program at Steiner Studios established?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
What is the name of the graduate program offered by Carnegie Mellon's Information Networking Institute in Athens, Greece?
What is the name of the graduate program offered by Carnegie Mellon's Information Networking Institute in Kobe, Japan?
In what year did the cities of Aveiro and Lisbon, Portugal become remote locations of the Information Networking Institute?
What is the name of the department that offers graduate programs in Coimbra, Portugal?
What is the name of the Entertainment Technology Center's graduate program offered in Portugal?
What is the name of the Entertainment Technology Center's graduate program offered in Japan?
What is the name of the Entertainment Technology Center's graduate program offered in Singapore?
What is the name of the master's degree offered by the Human–Computer Interaction Institute in conjunction with the University of Madeira, in Portugal?
What is the name of the international location of the College of Engineering in Rwanda?
What are the master's degrees offered by the College of Engineering in Kigali, Rwanda?
What is the name of the film in which George A. Romero filmed in and around Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall?
In what year was the film Creepshow released?
What is the name of the film in which much of the on-campus scenes were filmed in Carnegie Mellon's campus?
What is the name of the film in which the university is also featured prominently?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of Carnegie Mellon University's liberal arts college?
What is the name of the college that offers top-ranked master's degrees in Public Policy and Management?
What is the name of the college that has four departments: Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Mathematical Sciences, and Physics?
What is the name of the complex where the School of Computer Science is located?
What is the name of the school that offers undergraduate programs in Business Administration and Economics?
Who donated $67 million to Carnegie Mellon University in 2013?
What is the name of the network that provides university-wide arts and technology education to students from every college?
What is the name of the program that allows students to take minors or concentrations in Animation and Special Effects?
What is the name of the summer program that aims to foster interest in science amongst gifted high school students?
What is the name of the child care center for Carnegie Mellon faculty and staff?
What is the name of the largest library on Carnegie Mellon's Pittsburgh campus?
How many libraries does Carnegie Mellon University have?
What is the name of the project that sparked development of the Universal Digital Library?
What is the name of the joint degree in Computational Finance offered by the Tepper School of Business?
What is the name of the department in the School of Computer Science that focuses on computational biology?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Pittsburgh founded?
What rivers join together at the "point" in Pittsburgh?
What is the nickname of Pittsburgh?
What industry did Pittsburgh lead in the trade?
What percentage of the nation's steel was manufactured in Pittsburgh by 1911?
What is the estimated population of Pittsburgh?
What percentage of the population of Pittsburgh is female?
What is the average age of the population in Pittsburgh?
What is the estimated population of Allegheny County?
What is the estimated population of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area?
How many distinct neighborhoods are there in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the market spot known for its variety of food and shopping?
When was Pittsburgh founded?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the nickname of Pittsburgh due to its steel industry?
What is the estimated population of Pittsburgh?
What is the average age of the population in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the market spot known for its variety of food and shopping?
What is the name of the neighborhood known for authentic homemade Italian food?
What is the name of the university that is one of the options for higher education in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the new City of Pittsburgh website launching on October 22, 2024?
What is the year the new City of Pittsburgh website is launching?
What is the estimated population of Pittsburgh?
What percentage of the population of Pittsburgh are females?
What is the average age of the population in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the market spot known for its variety of food and shopping in Pittsburgh?
How many distinct communities collectively create the culture of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the neighborhood known as "Pittsburgh's Little Italy"?
When will the new City of Pittsburgh website be launched?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon University?
What year is mentioned in the copyright of Carnegie Mellon University?
What are some of the companies that recruit CMU students?
What is the name of the office that provides events for high school students?
What is the name of the welcome center at Carnegie Mellon University?
When is the Early Decision Deadline?
When is the Regular Decision Deadline for Drama & Music Applicants?
When is the Regular Decision Deadline?
When is the Fall Transfer Deadline?
What is the percentage of the 2023 class employed or in school within 6 months of graduation?
How many major/minor combinations does Carnegie Mellon offer?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the deadline for Early Decision at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the deadline for Regular Decision (Drama & Music Applicants Only) at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the deadline for Regular Decision at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the deadline for Fall Transfer at Carnegie Mellon University?
What percentage of the 2023 class was employed or in school within 6 months of graduation?
What is the name of the college that offers majors such as Economics and English?
What is the name of the college that offers majors such as Computer Science and Human-Computer Interaction?
What is the name of the school that offers majors such as Architecture and Art?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon University?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
How many schools and colleges does Carnegie Mellon University have?
What is the name of the university's graduate and postdoctoral affairs office?
What is the name of the university's business school?
What is the name of the university's research partnership program?
What is the name of the university's program that provides funding for conference attendance?
What is the name of the university's program that provides funding for professional engagement?
What is the name of the university's program that provides funding for research grants?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year mentioned in the copyright information of the university's website?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
Who bears ultimate responsibility for Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the role of the president at Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is the chief academic officer overseeing the educational mission of the university?
What is the name of the strategic plan at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the address of the Carnegie Mellon Board of Trustees Office?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year of the copyright of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is the chair of the Board of Trustees?
What is the year that Carnegie Mellon University's Strategic Plan 2025 was created?
Who is the president of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the phone number of Carnegie Mellon University?
What year was the copyright of Carnegie Mellon University's website?
Who is the Mayor of the City of Pittsburgh?
Who is the Chief Financial Officer of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget?
What is the total amount of the general fund appropriation for the Fiscal Year beginning January 1, 2024?
What is the name of the Assistant Director - Operating and Special Revenue in the Office of Management and Budget?
What is the amount transferred from the general fund to a PAYGO fund for use in the 2024 Capital Budget?
What is the name of the Director of Finance?
What is the name of the Senior Budget Analyst?
What is the name of the Manager, Capital Budget?
What is the name of the Budget Analyst?
What is the fiscal year mentioned in the document?
How many police officers are the maximum levels established for?
How many firefighters are the maximum levels established for?
How many EMS employees are the maximum levels established for?
What is the name of the document that fixes the number of officers and employees of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the department that includes the Bureau of Police, Bureau of Fire, and Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the name of the chapter that mentions the Five-Year Plan?
What is the name of the article that mentions the Five-Year Plan?
What is the name of the title that mentions the Five-Year Plan?
What is the name of the section that mentions the Five-Year Plan?
What is the name of the person authorized to make minor technical and formatting changes to the budget document?
What percentage of the City of Pittsburgh's total revenue is non-tax revenue?
What is the total non-tax revenue collected by the City of Pittsburgh in 2022?
What are the major expenditures of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the category of expenditures for health insurance costs?
What are the types of benefits included in pension and OPEB?
What is the definition of debt service?
When must City Council adopt the budget?
What is the amount of the grant for Oliver Bathhouse Windows?
How much was awarded for Southside Park?
What is the remaining balance for Resurfacing of Washington's Landing Tennis Courts?
What is the amount of the grant for Allegheny Landing Park Renovation?
What is the remaining balance for Traffic Signal Improvements?
What is the amount of the grant for I-579 Cap Project?
What is the remaining balance for Autonomous Vehicles?
What is the amount of the grant for Safe Routes to School?
What is the remaining balance for Brighton and Jacksonia signal replacement?
What is the amount of the grant for Trail Condition Study?
What is the amount of the grant for Hill District RAISE Grant?
What is the remaining balance for Newton Street Landslide Prevention?
What is the amount of the grant for Reconnecting Communities?
What is the amount of the grant for Davis Avenue Pedestrian Bridge?
What is the amount of the grant for 21st Street Improvements?
What is the amount of the grant for Three Rivers Heritage Trail Project?
What is the amount of the grant for Bridge Maintenance?
What is the fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
How much is the total debt service payment for 9/1/2024?
What is the principal payment for 3/1/2024?
What is the interest payment for 9/1/2025?
What is the total full-time positions for the Policy Analyst in the Knight Foundation - Autonomous Vehicles - Mobility & Infrastructure grant?
What is the annual rate for the Solicitor in the Department of Law?
What is the grade for the Data Analyst in the BJA Crisis Response - Department of Justice grant?
What is the total debt service payment for 9/1/2037?
What is the total debt service of the City of Pittsburgh for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the principal amount of the 304 Series 1998C debt service on 3/1/2024?
What is the interest rate of the 305 2017 Bond Issue debt service on 9/1/2024?
What is the principal amount of the 306 2019 Bond Issue debt service on 3/1/2024?
What is the interest rate of the 307 2020 Bond Issue debt service on 9/1/2024?
What is the principal amount of the Refunding Series A of 2020 debt service on 3/1/2024?
What is the interest rate of the Refunding Series B of 2020 debt service on 9/1/2024?
What is the principal amount of the 309 2021 Bond Issue debt service on 3/1/2024?
What is the total debt service of the City of Pittsburgh for Fiscal Year 2024 for the 304 Series 1998C?
What is the total debt service of the City of Pittsburgh for Fiscal Year 2024 for the 305 2017 Bond Issue?
What is the total debt service of the City of Pittsburgh for Fiscal Year 2024 for the 308 Refunding Series A of 2020?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2024?
What is the coupon rate for the debt service from 9/1/2024 to 9/1/2039?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2035?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2041?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2024 in the 2023 Bond Issue?
What is the coupon rate for the debt service from 9/1/2025 to 9/1/2042 in the 2023 Bond Issue?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2037 in the 2023 Bond Issue?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2039 in the 2023 Bond Issue?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2042 in the 2023 Bond Issue?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2025 in the Anticipated 2024 Issuance?
What is the coupon rate for the debt service from 9/1/2025 to 9/1/2044 in the Anticipated 2024 Issuance?
What is the principal amount of the debt service for 3/1/2037 in the Anticipated 2024 Issuance?
What is the principal amount for the debt service on 3/1/2026?
What is the interest rate for the debt service on 9/1/2027?
What is the total debt service for the 2028 issuance?
What is the annual date for the debt service on 3/1/2029?
What is the principal amount for the debt service on 3/1/2030?
What is the coupon amount for the debt service on 9/1/2031?
What is the last time a budget was not approved before December 31st in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the responsibility of OMB upon adoption of the Operating and Capital Budgets?
How often do analysts in OMB prepare quarterly reports on the performance of major revenue sources and expenditure categories?
What is the purpose of the five-year financial forecast in the City of Pittsburgh?
Who is responsible for developing revenue forecasts in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the source of data used to forecast growth for major tax and non-tax revenues in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the role of the City Controller in the budget development process?
What is the name of the document that compiles all requests and evaluates how they relate to the Mayor's strategic initiatives?
What is the name of the organization chart that is a visual depiction of the functional areas within each City Department, Agency, Bureau, or Elected Office?
What is the name of the section that details funds by subclass and account that have been appropriated to each individual division?
What is the name of the document that provides a detailed description of the department and its associated services or programs?
What is the name of the category that indicates how an employee's pay level is calculated?
What is the name of the allowance that adjusts the subclass expenditures to account for savings associated with vacant positions throughout the year?
What is the name of the forecast that allows readers to consider what the City expects to spend in the future?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the projected ending balance for the special revenue accounts in December 31, 2024?
What is the percent change in real estate tax from the prior year in 2025?
What is the total revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2028?
What is the total expenditure for the City of Pittsburgh in 2028?
What is the operating result for the City of Pittsburgh in 2028?
What is the ending reserve fund balance for the City of Pittsburgh in 2028?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the estimated budget for City Council Districts in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Office of the Mayor in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Office of Management and Budget in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Commission on Human Relations in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Finance in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Law in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Bureau of Police in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Bureau of Fire in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Public Works Administration in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Bureau of Environmental Services in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Parks and Recreation in 2024?
What is the estimated budget for Mobility and Infrastructure in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the City of Pittsburgh in 2024?
What is the estimated revenue for Tax Revenue in 2024?
What is the estimated revenue for Licenses & Permits in 2024?
What is the estimated revenue for Charges for Services in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the percentage change in Non-Profit Payment for Services from the previous year?
What is the total amount of Licenses and Permits in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the percentage change in Interest Earnings from the previous year?
What is the type of revenue that increased by 315.3% from the previous year?
What is the percentage change in Total Revenues from the previous year?
What is the total projected revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2024?
What percentage of the total revenue is tax revenue in 2024?
What is the single largest source of tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2024?
What is the percentage of tax revenue comprised by Real Estate Taxes in 2024?
What are the next three largest tax revenue sources in 2024?
What is the projected growth rate of tax revenue from 2024 to 2028?
What is the average percentage of all tax revenue comprised by Real Estate Taxes from 2024 to 2028?
What is the average percentage of all tax revenue comprised by the Earned Income Tax from 2024 to 2028?
What is the average percentage of all tax revenue comprised by the Deed Transfer Tax from 2024 to 2028?
What is the total projected non-tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2024?
What are the two largest subclasses of non-tax revenue in 2024?
What is the percentage of non-tax revenue comprised by Intergovernmental Revenue in 2024?
What is the percentage of non-tax revenue comprised by Charges for Services in 2024?
What is the largest single revenue within the Charges for Services subclass in 2024?
What is the percentage of Charges for Services revenue comprised by fees charged by the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the percentage of Charges for Services revenue comprised by Daily Parking Meters in 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for Charges for Services revenue in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of Charges for Services revenue comes from fees charged by the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the budgeted amount for Cable Bureau franchise fee in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of total Charges for Services revenue comes from Daily Parking Meters?
What is the budgeted amount for Fines and Forfeitures revenue in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of Fines and Forfeitures revenue comes from Traffic Court?
What is the budgeted amount for Intergovernmental revenue in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of Intergovernmental revenue comes from State Pension Aid?
What is the budgeted amount for State Pension Aid in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of total revenues in fiscal year 2024 comes from tax revenues?
What is the forecasted increase in tax revenues from 2023 to 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for real estate tax revenues in fiscal year 2024?
What is the average growth rate of total assessed value of property in the City of Pittsburgh since 2013?
What is the total assessed value of property in the City of Pittsburgh as a percentage of total property value in 2013?
What is the largest source of revenue in the 2024 Operating Budget?
What is the average percentage of total assessed value of property in the City of Pittsburgh that comprises residential property?
What is the name of the tax relief for senior citizens who meet certain requirements?
What is the rate of the payroll preparation tax?
What is the rate of the parking tax?
What is the rate of the deed transfer tax?
What is the estimated decrease in total deed transfer tax revenues in 2024 compared to the prior year?
What is the forecasted growth rate of total non-farm wages for Allegheny County?
What is the forecasted growth rate of retail sales in Allegheny County?
What is the forecasted growth rate of total earned income tax revenues from 2024 to 2028?
Who created Pennsylvania Act 77 of 1993?
What is the rate of the local service tax?
What is the annual income threshold for the local service tax?
What percentage of the amusement tax revenues is comprised of revenues from professional sports teams?
What is the tax rate for the amusement tax?
What is the forecasted growth rate of retail sales?
What is the forecasted growth rate of Act 77 tax relief?
What is the forecasted growth rate of total amusement tax revenues?
What is the forecasted growth rate of total deed transfer tax revenues?
What is the budgeted amount of Regional Asset District tax relief in 2024?
What is the percentage of Regional Asset District tax relief that the City of Pittsburgh receives?
What is the forecasted growth rate of amusement tax revenues from opposing teams and non-resident performers?
What is the rate of the non-resident sports facility usage fee?
What is the forecasted growth rate of non-resident sports facility usage fee revenues?
What is the budgeted amount of telecommunication licensing fee in 2024?
What is the forecasted growth rate of telecommunication licensing fee collections?
What is the forecasted growth rate of institution and service privilege tax revenues?
What is the budgeted amount of non-profit payments for services in 2024?
What is the estimated increase in non-tax revenues in 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for total revenues for the licenses and permits category in 2024?
What percentage of total license and permit revenues is forecast to increase each year through 2028?
What is the budgeted amount for total revenues for the charges for service category in 2024?
What is the largest source of revenue in the charges for service category in 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for total revenues for the fines and forfeitures category in 2024?
What is the largest source of revenue in the fines and forfeitures category in 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for total intergovernmental revenues in 2024?
What is the largest payment in the intergovernmental revenues category in 2024?
What is the budgeted amount for total revenues from interest earnings in 2024?
What is the estimated percentage increase in interest earnings from the prior year in 2024?
What percentage of the 2024 budget is comprised of four major tax revenues?
What is the maximum number of Firefighter positions?
How many Assistant Chiefs are there in the Department of Public Safety Bureau of Fire?
What is the total amount allocated to the City of Pittsburgh from the Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Recovery Fund (CSLFRF)?
What is the deadline for obligating funds from the American Rescue Plan?
How many Firefighter Instructors are there in the Department of Public Safety Bureau of Fire?
What is the maximum number of Paramedic positions in the Department of Public Safety Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
How many sections are there in the budget document?
What is the total revenue for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2028?
What is the total revenue for Amusement Tax-Prior Year in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Earned Income Tax-Current Year in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Payroll Preparation Tax-Current in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Parking Tax-Current Year in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Inst. & Serv. Priv. Tax-Current Year in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Telecommunications Licensing Tax in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Regional Asset District-Tax Relief in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Non-Profit Payment in Lieu of Taxes in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Commercial Building in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Residential Building in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Scaffold in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Furnishing in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Board of Standards in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Demolition in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Zoning Fees in 2028?
What is the total revenue for Property Certificate Application in 2028?
What is the revenue for Cable Bureau Revenue in 2024?
What is the revenue for Animal Care & Control Revenue in 2024?
What is the revenue for Daily Parking Meters in 2024?
What is the revenue for Fire Records in 2024?
What is the revenue for Occupancy Application in 2024?
What is the revenue for Police Records in 2024?
What is the revenue for Recertification in 2024?
What is the revenue for Lien Filing in 2024?
What is the revenue for Public Works in 2024?
What is the revenue for Municipal Pension Plan in 2024?
What is the revenue for Returned Check Fee in 2024?
What is the revenue for Safety Inspections in 2024?
What is the revenue for Wilkinsburg Trash Collection in 2024?
What is the revenue for Wilkinsburg Fire Services in 2024?
What is the revenue for Special Parks Program in 2024?
What is the revenue for Swimming Pools in 2024?
What is the revenue for Healthcare Reimbursements in 2024?
What is the revenue for Wharf Parking in 2024?
What is the revenue for Wharves in 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the City of Pittsburgh in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in total expenditures from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Bureau of Fire in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage decrease in expenditures for the Bureau of Facilities from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Office of the City Controller in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in expenditures for the Human Resources and Civil Service department from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Bureau of Police in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage decrease in expenditures for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Office of Community Health and Safety in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in expenditures for the Public Safety Administration department from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Public Works Administration in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in expenditures for the Permits, Licenses, and Inspections department from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditures for the Bureau of Environmental Services in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in expenditures for the City Planning department from fiscal year 2023 to 2024?
What is the percentage of total expenditures in the 2024 Operating Budget represented by the Department of Finance?
What percentage of total budgeted expenditures in fiscal year 2024 is represented by Public Safety?
What is the budget for the Department of Public Works in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of total expenditures in the 2024 Operating Budget is dedicated to personnel-related expenditures?
What is the total amount of non-personnel related expenditures in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of non-personnel related expenditures in fiscal year 2024 is dedicated to repaying the principal and interest costs of issued bonds?
What is the total amount of total expenditures in the 2024 Operating Budget?
What is the percentage of total budgeted expenditures that the Office of the City Controller budget amounts to?
What is the total amount of personnel-related expenditures in fiscal year 2024?
What percentage of total expenditures budgeted in fiscal year 2024 are personnel-related expenditures?
What is the percentage of non-personnel-related expenditures dedicated to repaying the principal and interest costs of issued bonds?
What is the total amount of non-personnel-related expenditures in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage of total budgeted expenditures dedicated to debt service in 2015?
What is the total amount of debt service expenditures in 2015?
What is the percentage of General Fund expenditures that the City's debt burden totals in 2024?
What is the amount of PAYGO transfer to the capital improvement plan in 2024?
What is the projected decrease in debt service in 2027?
What is the projected total debt service for fiscal year 2028?
What percentage of total budgeted expenditures is debt service in fiscal year 2024?
What is the actual debt service in fiscal year 2015?
What is the projected total PAYGO funds for the City from 2025 to 2028?
What is the projected PAYGO funds for the City in 2024?
What is the total planned expenditures related to debt service in fiscal year 2024?
What is the actual debt service in fiscal year 2018?
What is the actual debt service in fiscal year 2021?
What is the actual debt service in fiscal year 2023 (projected)?
What is the actual debt service in fiscal year 2026 (projected)?
What is the total projected expenditure for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget in 2028?
What is the projected increase in personnel-salaries & wages from 2022 to 2023?
What is the total projected expenditure for personnel-employee benefits in 2026?
What is the projected expenditure for workforce training in 2025?
What is the total projected expenditure for property services in 2028?
What is the projected expenditure for cleaning in 2024?
What is the total projected expenditure for debt service in 2027?
What is the number of City Council members in Pittsburgh?
What is the budget for each Council office in 2024, excluding the Council Member?
What is the total expenditure for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget in 2024?
What is the salary of each Council Member in 2024?
What is the total number of full-time permanent positions in the Council in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for supplies in the Council in 2024?
What is the name of the division that oversees the signature process on all approved legislation?
Who is elected by members of City Council every three years to be the City Clerk?
What division is responsible for maintaining a citywide records management system?
What division monitors City finances and conducts analysis of City operations and policy matters?
How often is the City Clerk elected by members of City Council?
What document does the City Clerk record legislation to?
What is the title of the City Council Budget Division Director?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the City Clerk?
How many positions are in the City Clerk Division?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the City Council Solicitor?
What is the increase in the Personnel-Salaries & Wages from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for the City of Pittsburgh for fiscal year 2024?
Who is the Mayor of Pittsburgh?
What is the budget for the Office of the Mayor in 2024?
How many FTE positions are in the Office of the Mayor?
What is the total budget for the Office of Communications in 2024?
How many positions are in the Office of Neighborhood Services?
What is the budget for the Office of Business Diversity in 2024?
What is the budget for the Office of Immigrant and Refugee Affairs in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Office of Workforce Development, Youth, and Education in 2024?
What is the budget for the Office of Financial Empowerment in 2024?
What is the increase in expenditures for PERSONNEL-SALARIES & WAGES in 2024 compared to 2023?
What is the total expenditure for the Office of the Mayor in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year for the Office of the Mayor in 2024?
What is the mission of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)?
What is the total expenditure for the Office of Equity in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Office of the Mayor in 2028?
What is the mission of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)?
What is the primary goal of the Community Development Division?
What is the name of the team responsible for the preparation and implementation of the annual capital budget?
What is the name of the program that provides funding for the City of Pittsburgh's community development initiatives?
What is the total expenditure of the Office of Equity in 2022?
How much grant funding was secured for projects citywide in 2023?
What is the name of the team responsible for organizing and directing the day-to-day operations of the procurement function?
What is the name of the award secured for the Manchester area in 2023?
How many budget engagement meetings were held in 2023?
What is the total allocation received by the City of Pittsburgh from the Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Recovery Fund?
When was the first tranche of funds received by the City of Pittsburgh?
When was the second and final tranche of funds received by the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the deadline for the City of Pittsburgh to obligate the funds?
What is the deadline for the City of Pittsburgh to fully spend the funds?
What is the name of the task force created to provide recommendations for the usage of the funds?
What is the name of the fund created to address lead safety in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the resolution that reappropriated the funds as recommended by the Mayor and the Pittsburgh Recovery Task Force in 2023?
What is the title of the person in charge of the Office of Management & Budget?
What is the name of the annual engagement meeting with PPS students?
What is the amount of grant funding secured for projects citywide in 2023?
What is the name of the federal award secured in Manchester?
What is the name of the program supported by state grant funding?
What is the total number of Full Time Permanent Positions in the Office of Management & Budget in 2024?
What is the percentage increase in Expenditures from 2022 to 2023?
What is the total expenditure for miscellaneous in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year in 2023?
What is the total expenditure for the Office of Immigrant and Refugee Affairs in 2022?
What is the budget line for regular salaries and wages in 2022?
What is the budget line for health insurance in 2022?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the budget line for regular salaries and wages for the Office of Immigrant and Refugee Affairs?
What is the name of the Department of Innovation & Performance's IT Operations Reliability team?
What is the name of the award-winning civic innovation program?
What is the percentage of success rate in providing key computing devices and information systems access for new City employees on their first day of work in 2023?
What is the average time to resolve IT service requests reduced by in 2023 compared to 2022?
What year is the software inventory for the city depicting the modernization efforts and timelines of all enterprise applications published?
What is the success rate of providing key computing devices and information systems access for new City employees on their first day of work?
What is the average time to resolve IT service requests in 2023?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the Department of Innovation & Performance?
What is the salary of the Director of Innovation & Performance/Chief Information Officer in fiscal year 2024?
How many full-time permanent positions are in the Department of Innovation & Performance in fiscal year 2024?
What is the salary of the Senior Manager, IT Service Desk in fiscal year 2024?
What is the salary of the Senior Manager, Digital Services/Chief Data Officer in fiscal year 2024?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of Innovation & Performance in 2023?
What is the total net salary for the Department of Innovation & Performance in 2024?
What is the budget for Personnel-Salaries & Wages in 2024?
What is the increase in the budget for Personnel-Salaries & Wages from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for the Department of Innovation & Performance in 2024?
What is the percentage change in the total budget for the Department of Innovation & Performance from 2023 to 2024?
What is the name of the agency empowered by Chapters 651-659 of the Pittsburgh City Code to enforce Civil Rights laws?
What is the official Civil Rights agency for the City of Pittsburgh?
What chapters of the Pittsburgh City Code empower the Commission on Human Relations?
What areas does the Commission on Human Relations receive and investigate complaints of discrimination in?
What is the name of the office responsible for receiving, investigating, and adjudicating complaints of discriminatory practices in the areas of employment, housing, and public accommodations?
What is the name of the program area that studies, investigates, holds public hearings, and conciliates issues in the community that adversely affect inter-group relations?
What is the name of the program area that provides information on the laws enforced by the Commission on Human Relations and its work in community relations?
What year did the Commission on Human Relations develop and implement a public portal to receive discrimination inquiries online?
What is the primary function of the City Controller in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the authority responsible for redevelopment in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the authority responsible for water and sewer services in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the authority responsible for housing in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that hosts a hybrid Housing Summit for Fair Housing Month?
What is the name of the commission that provides information on laws and community relations through presentations and programs?
What is the percentage of the City's commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) focused on peace, justice, and strong institutions?
What is the name of the City's fiscal year budget for the Commission on Human Relations?
What is the total budget for the Commission on Human Relations in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the percentage of the increase in expenditures for the Commission on Human Relations from 2023 to 2024?
What is the job of the City Controller?
What is the name of the department that audits city contracts for specs?
What is the title of the position that inspects and audits engineering, architectural, construction and demolition contracts?
How many Clerks are listed in the Office of the City Controller?
What is the salary of the Research Director in the Office of the City Controller?
What is the title of the position that is responsible for fiscal reviews of city departments and authorities?
What is the salary of the Chief Accounting Officer, C.P.A in the Office of the City Controller?
What is the title of the office responsible for conducting audits of City departments and authorities?
What is the name of the organization that conducts fiscal reviews of city departments and authorities?
What type of reviews does the Office of the City Controller perform on city departments and authorities?
What is the name of the department that inspects and audits engineering, architectural, construction and demolition contracts?
What is the title of the position that oversees the Office of the City Controller?
What is the name of the position that assists the City Controller?
What is the salary of the City Controller in 2024?
What is the salary of the Deputy Controller in 2024?
What is the name of the position that oversees the fiscal reviews of city departments and authorities?
What is the salary of the Fiscal Audit Manager in 2024?
What is the name of the position that oversees the performance audits of city departments and authorities?
What is the salary of the Performance Audit Manager in 2024?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Office of the City Controller in 2024?
What is the total salary of the Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Office of the City Controller in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Office of the City Controller in 2024?
What is the percentage decrease in the total budget for the Office of the City Controller from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditure in 2028?
What is the percentage change in expenditure from 2024 to 2025?
What is the expenditure on property services in 2025?
What is the expenditure on supplies in 2025?
What is the expenditure on property in 2025?
What is the expenditure on personnel-salaries & wages in 2028?
What is the expenditure on personnel-employee benefits in 2028?
What is the fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the amount of the five-year forecast for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget in 2024?
What is the total amount of expenditures for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget in 2024?
What is the percentage change from prior year for the total amount of expenditures in 2025?
What is the amount of personnel-salaries and wages for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget in 2024?
What is the name of the division that manages all real estate activity, including property tax, city property sales, and Treasurer's sales?
What is the name of the division that ensures all collections are processed timely and accurately?
What is the fiscal year budget for the Tax Compliance Division?
What is the total number of Public Sales of City-owned property completed in 2023?
What is the percentage of the budget allocated to the Trust Fund Director in 2024?
What is the amount of the vacancy allowance in 2024?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of Finance in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Regular category in Personnel-Salaries & Wages in 2024?
What is the amount of the Retiree Contribution in 2024?
What is the contribution to the IAFF retiree medical trust?
What is the contribution to the FOP retiree medical trust?
What is the contribution to the Disabled Firefighter trust?
What is the contribution to the OPEB trust?
What is the Carnegie Library grant?
What is the increase in debt service from 2023 to 2024?
What is the fiscal year in which the Office of Management and Budget shall recalculate the amount of dollars approved as “Lost Revenue” funds?
What is the fiscal year in which the Office of Management and Budget shall recalculate the amount of dollars approved as “Lost Revenue” funds for the third time?
What is the deadline for obligating appropriated funds?
What is the deadline for spending all appropriated funds?
What is the name of the fund to which funds appropriated for City of Pittsburgh operating expenses shall be transferred?
What is the name of the fund to which funds appropriated for City of Pittsburgh capital projects shall be transferred?
What is the name of the account to which funds shall be posted as revenue?
What is the name of the department that provides legal advice and serves as in-house corporate counsel to the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the primary area of law involved in Federal Court actions in the Federal Litigation Division?
What is the name of the division responsible for all labor negotiations and contract administration for all collective bargaining units representing City employees?
What law does the Open Records Officer comply with to provide access of public records to the public at large?
What is the name of the division that investigates and determines the validity of various claims against the City?
What is the name of the officer responsible for providing access of public records to the public at large?
In what year did the Department of Law litigate three federal jury trials within a three-month period?
What is the name of the organization that received URA ARPA allocation?
What is the percentage change in expenditures from 2025 to 2026?
What is the name of the officer responsible for providing access of public records to the public at large?
What is the name of the law that the Open Records Officer complies with?
What is the title of the Chief Legal Officer & City Solicitor in 2024?
What is the budget for the Chief Legal Officer & City Solicitor in 2024?
How many federal jury trials were litigated by the City within a three-month period?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of Law in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Department of Law in 2024?
What is the increase in expenditures from 2023 to 2024 for the Department of Law?
What is the percentage change in expenditures from 2023 to 2024 for the Department of Law?
What is the purpose of the Board in the City?
What is the City that the Board serves?
What is the Board's goal to protect?
What is the Board's goal to enhance?
What is the Board's goal to promote?
What is the fiscal year for the Department of Law's budget?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Law in 2024?
What percentage change is there from the prior year for the Department of Law's expenditure in 2024?
How many members comprise the Ethics Hearing Board?
What is the purpose of the Valuable Gift Review?
What is the number of disclosures staff assists with?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the Ethics Hearing Board?
How much did the Ethics Hearing Board spend on personnel-employee benefits in 2023?
What is the percentage change in the Ethics Hearing Board's expenditures from 2022 to 2023?
What is the total expenditure for the Ethics Hearing Board in 2024?
What is the increase in the Ethics Hearing Board's personnel-salaries and wages from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Office of Municipal Investigations in 2024?
What is the purpose of the Office of Municipal Investigations?
Who is responsible for conducting pre-employment background investigations on candidates for Public Safety jobs?
What is the number of civilian investigators in the Office of Municipal Investigations?
What is the fiscal coordinator in the Office of Municipal Investigations?
What is the grade of the Executive Director of the Ethics Hearing Board?
What is the name of the office responsible for coordinating the receipt, analysis, and investigation of citizen complaints of alleged misconduct by employees of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the title of the highest-ranking position in the Office of Municipal Investigations?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the Office of Municipal Investigations?
How many full-time permanent positions are allocated to the Office of Municipal Investigations in fiscal year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in personnel-salary expenses from fiscal year 2023 to fiscal year 2024?
What is the name of the department that enables the City of Pittsburgh to meet its employment initiatives?
What are the general service areas of the Department of Human Resources and Civil Service?
What is the name of the program that provides employment and training services to help City of Pittsburgh residents become attached or reattached to the labor force?
What is the name of the initiative that employed 914 City of Pittsburgh youth in the Summer Learn and Earn program?
What is the number of City employees who receive paychecks from the Payroll Office?
What is the name of the division that is committed to creating greater awareness of the City as an equal opportunity employer?
What is the name of the program that provides weight loss programs, stress management, nutrition and fitness counseling, and other programs?
What is the name of the Bureau that provides funding for the Employment and Retention Network (EARN) program?
What is the name of the department that prepares, processes, audits, and distributes paychecks to the City's employees?
What is the number of participants assisted by The Pittsburgh Partnership in six partnering Neighborhood Employment Centers?
What is the name of the program that ensures immediate and ongoing quality medical care to all City employees who are injured on-the-job?
What is the name of the division that works to accomplish the overall safety of City employees?
What is the total number of City of Pittsburgh youth employed in the Summer Learn and Earn program in 2023?
What is the total number of participants assisted by the Pittsburgh Partnership in six partnering Neighborhood Employment Centers in 2023?
What is the budget for the Regular personnel-salaries and wages in 2023?
What is the increase in the budget for Regular personnel-salaries and wages from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for the Health Insurance in 2023?
What is the decrease in the budget for Health Insurance from 2023 to 2024?
What is the budget for the Workers' Compensation-Settlement in 2023?
What is the budget for the Workers' Compensation-Settlement in 2024?
What is the percentage increase in the budget for Property Services from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Human Resources & Civil Service in 2024?
What is the increase in expenditure for the Department of Human Resources & Civil Service from 2022 to 2024?
What is the percentage change in expenditure for the Department of Human Resources & Civil Service from 2022 to 2024?
What is the budget for Summer Youth Employment in 2024?
What is the expenditure for Machinery & Equipment in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Human Resources & Civil Service for the five-year forecast from 2024 to 2028?
What is the budget for Office Supplies in 2024?
What is the total expenditure of the Department of Human Resources and Civil Service in 2028?
What is the percentage change in expenditure from the prior year in 2028?
What is the expenditure for personnel-employee benefits in 2028?
What is the expenditure for professional and technical services in 2028?
What is the name of the newly-created long-range division in the Department of City Planning?
What is the goal of the Integrated Planning division?
What is the name of the division that ensures that art, culture, and history have a place in public spaces?
What is the name of the division that partners to protect and improve the environment for present and future generations?
What is the name of the division that staffs the Planning Commission, Zoning Board of Adjustment, and Contextual Design Advisory Panel?
What is the name of the recently updated Housing Needs Assessment?
What is the name of the Architectural Survey that will complete the inventory of the Greater Hill District?
What is the name of the grant awarded to the City in 2023?
What percentage of the Western Pennsylvania Energy Consortium electricity load will be covered by a renewable wind energy purchase?
How many RCOs were recertified in 2023?
What is the amount of the Reconnecting Communities Pilot grant?
What percentage of the Western Pennsylvania Energy Consortium electricity load is covered by the renewable wind energy purchase?
How many years does the renewable wind energy purchase cover?
How many Pittsburgh residents participated in the composting pilot?
What is the name of the city's interdepartmental stormwater working group?
How many Mixed-Use Zoning Districts were implemented?
What is the name of the zoning code amendment that expanded the Fresh Food Access Performance Point?
What percentage of the electricity load is covered by the renewable wind energy purchase in the Western Pennsylvania Energy Consortium?
How many RCOs were certified in 2023?
How much was the Reconnecting Communities Pilot grant awarded?
What percentage of the Western Pennsylvania Energy Consortium electricity load is covered by a renewable wind energy purchase?
How many residents participated in the composting pilot?
How many Mixed-Use Zoning Districts were implemented in 2023?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of City Planning in 2024?
What is the total budget for Personnel-Salaries & Wages in the Department of City Planning in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year in the total expenditures of the Department of City Planning in 2024?
What is the mission of the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in Pittsburgh?
What codes are administered and enforced by the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the department that regulates contractor and trade licenses in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the department that handles various business licenses in Pittsburgh?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What department is listed under the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the total amount of ARPA allocation for the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the total amount of expected cash flow for the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the amount of funding for the City - Operating Eliminate the anticipated workforce reduction?
What is the amount of funding for the City - Operating Restoration of ELA non-personnel line?
What is the amount of funding for the City - Capital Green fleet improvements?
What is the amount of funding for the City - Capital Public Works Fourth Division construction?
What is the amount of funding for the City - Capital URA Avenues?
How much money was allocated for Avenues of Hope - Centre Avenue?
What is the total amount allocated for Housing - for sale home ownership?
What is the amount allocated for PWSA Lead line replacement in 2021?
What is the total amount allocated for ARP Trust Fund Hays Woods park acquisition?
What is the amount allocated for ARP Trust Fund Medical Debt Relief in 2023?
What is the total amount allocated for ARP Trust Fund Food justice initiatives?
What is the amount allocated for ARP Trust Fund Maher Duessel contract in 2023?
What is the total amount allocated for Annual Total in 2021?
What is the amount allocated for ARP Trust Fund Food justice initiatives in 2023?
What is the total amount allocated for Pittsburgh Land Bank support?
What is the amount allocated for New Granada Theater support in 2023?
What is the total amount allocated for Swisshelm Park slag heap remediation?
What is the total amount allocated for Pittsburgh Technology Center garage support?
What is the mission of the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections?
What is the name of the division that reviews and approves applications for construction permits?
What is the name of the unit that is responsible for issuing business, trade, and contractor licenses?
What is the percentage change in expenditures from 2024 to 2027 for the Department of City Planning?
What is the amount of expenditures for Personnel-Employee Benefits in 2028?
What is the name of the division that is responsible for making sure that Pittsburgh's existing buildings and businesses operate in accordance with the Property Maintenance, Business and Trade Licensing, Zoning, and portions of the Fire codes?
What is the amount of expenditures for Professional & Technical in 2028?
What is the name of the unit that is responsible for managing the Department's technology?
What is the amount of expenditures for Supplies in 2028?
What is the title of the Director at the Department of Permits, Licenses, & Inspections?
What is the fiscal year 2024 budget for the Department of Permits, Licenses, & Inspections?
How many Full-Time Permanent Positions are there in the Department of Permits, Licenses, & Inspections in fiscal year 2024?
What is the total Full-Time Positions and Net Salaries in the Department of Permits, Licenses, & Inspections in fiscal year 2024?
What is the amount of the vacancy allowance in fiscal year 2024?
What is the amount of the regular personnel-salaries & wages in fiscal year 2024?
What is the amount of the health insurance in fiscal year 2024?
What is the amount of the administrative fees in fiscal year 2024?
What is the amount of the cleaning service in fiscal year 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in 2024?
What is the percentage change in expenditure from the prior year for the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in 2024?
What is the expenditure for Personnel-Salaries & Wages in 2024?
What is the expenditure for Personnel-Employee Benefits in 2024?
What is the expenditure for Property Services in 2024?
What is the expenditure for Supplies in 2024?
What is the total expenditure of the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year in the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections in 2024?
What is the name of the mission of the Department of Public Safety?
What is the name of the Bureau of Administration?
What is the name of the program that provides information and support to City residents and families that are victims of crime and natural or man-made disasters?
What is the name of the program that is a vital connection between the City of Pittsburgh's parks and its park users?
What is the name of the initiative that plays a crucial role in reducing neighborhood violence?
What is the name of the office that works to reduce the vulnerability of the populace and property of the City to injury and loss resulting from natural or man-made disasters?
What is the name of the newly organized office that is currently comprised of two full-time staff who are tasked with receiving and vetting applications for small and large-scale events and film productions within the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the program that is a vital connection between the City of Pittsburgh's parks and its park users?
What is the name of the initiative that supports the food, beverage, and entertainment events that enhance Pittsburgh's quality of life and attractiveness to visitors and relocating companies?
What is the name of the coordinator that facilitates the activities of the Nighttime Economy?
What is the name of the system that the Public Safety Technology Manager ensures functions efficiently and effectively on a 24/7 basis?
What is the name of the committee that the Office of Film & Event Management chairs?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration?
How many full-time employees are in the Public Information Office?
Who is the first African American female EMS Chief sworn in?
What is the name of the committee established for homeless encampment?
What is the name of the Director of the Department of Public Safety?
How much is the salary of the Public Safety Director?
What is the name of the Assistant Director - Operations?
How much is the salary of the Public Information Officer?
How many Social Media Specialists are there?
What is the name of the Department Business Administrator?
How much is the salary of the SCBA Repair Specialist?
What is the total budget for the Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year in the total budget for the Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration in 2024?
What is the total number of full-time positions in the Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration in 2024?
What is the total salary for the Stores Manager position in 2024?
What is the total salary for the Emergency Management Planner position in 2024?
What is the total number of school crossing guards in the Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration in 2024?
What is the total salary for the school crossing guard position in 2024?
What is the total budget for personnel-salary and wages in 2024?
What is the total budget for personnel-employee benefits in 2024?
What is the total budget for professional and technical services in 2024?
What is the total budget for property services in 2024?
What is the total budget for other services in 2024?
What is the total budget for supplies in 2024?
What is the total budget for property in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the mission of the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the base service of the Bureau of EMS comprised of?
How many advanced life support ambulances does the Bureau of EMS deploy?
What is the name of the team that EMS provides two Paramedic Public Safety SCUBA divers to staff?
What is the level of certification for EMS personnel on the Hazmat Team?
How many basic life support ambulances does the Bureau of EMS staff?
What is the name of the laboratory that EMS can activate prior to arrival for patients experiencing STEMI?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration in 2024?
What is the number of events covered by the Special Event coverage of the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services per month?
What is the title of the highest-ranking officer in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the salary of the EMS Chief in 2023?
How many River Rescue Divers went through intensive training in 2023?
What is the name of the app implemented for employee wellness in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the percentage of survival to discharge for cardiac arrest care through August 2023?
How many patients were extricated via Pittsburgh EMS Rescue Units through October 2023?
What is the hourly rate for a Paramedic with 5 years of experience in 2023?
When does the labor contract for FAPP members expire?
What is the total number of uniformed employees in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the total net salary for full-time positions in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2023?
How many years of experience is required for a Paramedic to earn the highest hourly rate in 2023?
What is the salary of the Operations Safety Chief in 2024?
How many District Chiefs are there in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the hourly rate for an Emergency Medical Technician in 2024?
What is the total number of Paramedics in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the total number of Senior Emergency Medical Technicians in the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the expiration date of the labor contract for FAPP members?
What is the percentage of salary increase for FAPP members in the 2024 budget?
How many District Chiefs are there in the 2024 budget?
What is the hourly rate for a Paramedic with 5 years of experience in 2023?
What is the total number of Uniformed Employees in the 2024 budget?
What is the amount of decrease in the Personnel-Salaries & Wages category in the 2024 budget?
What is the percentage decrease in the Personnel-Salaries & Wages category in the 2024 budget?
What is the amount of increase in the Other Services category in the 2024 budget?
What is the percentage increase in the Other Services category in the 2024 budget?
What is the amount of decrease in the Supplies category in the 2024 budget?
What is the fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget for the Bureau of Police?
What is the total expenditure for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the percentage change from the prior year for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services in 2024?
What is the name of the department that provides law enforcement and public safety services to Pittsburgh's residents and visitors?
What is the name of the leadership of the Bureau of Police?
What is the name of the division that oversees the Bureau's accreditation status?
What is the name of the unit that serves as the Bureau's Inspector General?
What is the notable reduction in violent crime in the City of Pittsburgh in 2023 compared to 2022?
Who are the independently elected and appointed officials in the government of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the total funding for PWSA Lead line replacement?
What is the total funding for ARP Trust Fund Medical Debt Relief?
What is the name of the contract managed by ARP Trust Fund Maher Duessel?
What is the total funding for ARP Trust Fund Food justice initiatives?
What is the total funding for the grant match of 16 PPA Kirkwood Ave.?
What is the name of the document that provides detailed information on Pittsburgh's short-term and long-term financial outlook?
What is the number of homicides that decreased by 24% in 2023 compared to 2022?
What percentage of non-fatal shootings decreased in 2023 compared to 2022?
What is the title of the new Records Management System (RMS) that the Bureau upgraded in 2023?
How many recruit classes did the Bureau start in 2023?
What is the total number of Police Officer positions in 2023?
What is the hourly rate for a Police Lieutenant in 2023?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in 2023?
What is the total number of full-time permanent positions in the Bureau of Police?
What is the total net salary for 909 full-time positions in the Bureau of Police?
What is the hourly rate for a Police Officer - First Year in 2023?
What is the total budget for Regular personnel salaries and wages in 2023?
What is the amount of Workers' Compensation-Fees in 2023?
What is the total budget for Supplies in 2024?
What is the total budget for Property in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Bureau of Police in 2024?
What is the mission of the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire?
What is the goal of the suppression division of the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire?
What services does the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire provide through the Operations division?
How many emergency medical calls does the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire respond to each year?
What is the name of the training academy that implements employee development programs for fire suppression personnel?
What is the duration of basic training for new recruits in the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire?
What is the name of the code that the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire enforces?
What is the name of the division that investigates complaints of life-threatening and unsafe conditions?
What is the name of the department that provides emergency medical care?
What is the name of the organization that the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire provides public education to?
What is the name of the city where crude oil is being transported by rail?
What is the name of the Bureau of Fire's training program?
What is the duration of basic training for new recruits in the PBF?
What is the title of the highest-ranking officer in the Bureau of Fire?
How many Firefighter Instructor positions are there in the Bureau of Fire?
What is the hourly rate for Master Firefighter in 2023?
When does the labor contract for IAFF members expire?
What is the total number of uniformed firefighters in the Bureau of Fire?
What is the total salary for uniformed firefighters in the Bureau of Fire?
What is the annual salary for a Master Firefighter in 2023?
What is the budget for personnel-salaries and wages in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the budget for personnel-employee benefits in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the mission of the Department of Public Safety, Bureau of Animal Care and Control?
What services does the Bureau of Animal Care and Control provide to the employees of the Public Safety Department?
What is the budget for property services in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the budget for supplies in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Fire for 2025?
What is the budget for professional and technical services in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the budget for property in the Bureau of Fire for 2024?
What is the name of the department that provides assistance to employees in situations involving animals?
What is the name of the law that the Bureau of Animal Care and Control enforces?
What is the name of the organization that the Bureau assists in tracking the rabies virus?
How many Animal Care and Control agents are there in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Animal Care and Control in 2024?
What is the increase in personnel-salary expenditures from 2022 to 2024?
What is the name of the program that the Bureau implements to remove and dispose of deceased animals?
How many fawns were rescued by officers in 2023?
What is the total amount spent on workforce training in 2024?
What is the total amount spent on office supplies in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for 2024 in the Bureau of Animal Care & Control?
What is the percentage change from the prior year for 2024 in the Bureau of Animal Care & Control?
What is the mission of the Office of Community Health and Safety?
What is the total expenditure for 2023 in the Bureau of Animal Care & Control?
What is the total expenditure for 2022 in the Bureau of Animal Care & Control?
What is the mission of the Office of Community Health and Safety?
What is the name of the program that provides support to individuals who have experienced an overdose?
What is the target audience of the Downtown Crisis Response Case Conference?
How many Narcan kits were distributed by the Community Partnership Specialist?
What is the name of the specialist who ensures diversity of experiences, perspectives, and needs remains at the forefront of each program?
What is the name of the program that launched in Police Zones 1 & 2 in 2023?
What is the name of the program that provides support to trauma survivors?
What is the target audience for the Downtown Crisis Response Case Conference?
What is the amount of federal funding secured for Post Overdose Support Teams (POST)?
What is the composition of the Post Overdose Support Teams (POST)?
How many Narcan were distributed to date?
What is the name of the event organized by the Office of Community Health and Safety?
What is the budget for the Office of Community Health and Safety in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the projected budget for the Office of Community Health and Safety in Fiscal Year 2025?
How many lineal miles of streets does the Streets/Park Maintenance section maintain?
How many lane miles of streets does the Streets/Park Maintenance section maintain?
What is the total number of parks maintained by the Streets/Park Maintenance section?
How many lots owned by the City or jointly by the City, County, and Board of Education does the Streets/Park Maintenance section maintain?
What is the total number of acres of parkland maintained by the Streets/Park Maintenance section?
How many pieces of equipment does the Heavy Equipment division maintain?
What is the total amount of recycling materials collected by the Recycling division?
How many sidewalk recycling bins are serviced by the Recycling division in Business Districts?
What is the total number of yard debris composted by the Recycling division?
How many buildings and structures does the Bureau of Facilities maintain?
How often are recycling collections provided for residential properties with five (5) dwelling units or less?
How many city residential properties are serviced weekly?
How many Wilkinsburg properties are serviced weekly?
How many sidewalk recycling bins are serviced in Business Districts twice per week?
What is the total amount of residential refuse landfilled in tons?
What is the total amount of recycling materials collected in tons?
How many tires are recycled?
What is the total amount of yard debris composted in tons?
How many tons of electronic products are collected?
How many tons of scrap metal are recycled?
What is the title of the person in charge of the Department of Public Works?
What is the grade of the Director of the Department of Public Works?
What is the total Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of Public Works?
What is the total Full-Time Positions and Net Salaries in the Department of Public Works?
What is the amount of Regular Personnel-Salaries & Wages in the Department of Public Works?
What is the year the labor contract for PJCBC members expires?
How many full-time permanent positions are there in the Bureau of Operations?
What is the total budget for Personnel-Salaries & Wages in 2024?
What is the total number of truck drivers in the Bureau of Operations?
What is the total budget for Supplies in 2024?
What is the total number of laborers in the Bureau of Operations?
What is the total budget for Property Services in 2024?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the basis of accounting for the General Fund budget?
What is the name of the fund used to fund construction and/or maintenance of public property?
What is the minimum value for projects funded by debt in the Capital Projects Fund?
What is the life expectancy for projects funded by debt in the Capital Projects Fund?
What is the source of funding for the Community Development Funds?
What is the purpose of the Special Revenue Funds?
What is the name of the fund used to account for resources held for the benefit of parties outside the government?
What is the name of the fund that includes most tax revenues and is used to sustain most of the City's day-to-day activities?
What is the requirement for the annual Operating Budget according to the City's Home Rule Charter?
How many Laborers are listed in the document?
What is the hourly wage of Laborers?
What is the total budget for salaries in 2023?
How many Skilled Laborers are listed in the document?
What is the total salary for Technician, Payroll in 2023?
What is the percentage of salary increase for members in 2024?
When does the labor contract for PJCBC members expire?
What is the percentage change in the personnel-salaries and wages budget from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Operations in 2024?
How many positions are listed in the labor contract for PJCBC members?
What is the average salary for a Driver in 2024?
What is the total budget for the Bureau of Environmental Services in 2024?
What is the average salary for a Laborer in 2024?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Bureau of Environmental Services?
What is the total amount of Regular Salaries in the Bureau of Environmental Services for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the amount of Longevity in the Bureau of Environmental Services for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the total amount of Health Insurance in the Bureau of Environmental Services for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the total amount of Expenditures in the Bureau of Environmental Services for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the amount of Allowances in the Bureau of Environmental Services for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the expiration date of the labor contract for PJCBC members?
What is the total number of full-time permanent positions in the Bureau of Environmental Services?
What is the total net salary for the full-time positions in the Bureau of Environmental Services?
What is the fiscal year of the provided budget?
What is the grade of the Assistant Director - Facilities position?
What is the grade of the Associate Project Manager position?
What is the expiration date of the labor contract for PJCBC members?
What is the percentage of salary increase for members in the 2024 budget?
What is the total number of full-time permanent positions in the 2024 budget?
What is the total net salary for the 2024 budget?
What is the decrease in expenditures for PERSONNEL-SALARIES & WAGES in the 2023 budget?
What is the percentage decrease in expenditures for PERSONNEL-SALARIES & WAGES in the 2023 budget?
What is the total expenditure for PROPERTY SERVICES in the 2022 budget?
What is the decrease in expenditures for PROPERTY SERVICES in the 2023 budget?
What is the percentage decrease in expenditures for PROPERTY SERVICES in the 2023 budget?
What is the total expenditure for SUPPLIES in the 2023 budget?
What is the increase in expenditures for SUPPLIES in the 2024 budget?
What is the name of the division that oversees the City of Pittsburgh's commitment to nutrition support for city residents?
How many Healthy Active Living Centers does Citiparks operate?
What is the name of the initiative that focuses on the development and delivery of technology-focused programs, coding, and other tech-adjacent learning initiatives?
What is the name of the recreation center and fitness gym operated by the Recreation Programs division?
How many pools does the aquatics division operate during the summer months?
What is the name of the renovated bath house scheduled to complete renovation in fall of 2024?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Bureau of Facilities?
What is the name of the program area that operates the Roving Art Cart?
How many City of Pittsburgh pools operate during the summer months?
What is the name of the initiative that focuses on technology-focused programs and coding?
What is the name of the bath house operated by the aquatics team?
What is the estimated completion date of the Oliver Bath House renovation?
How many pools were opened in 2023?
What is the estimated number of visitors to Ammon & Phillips Recreation Centers from July 1st to September 30th?
What is the name of the largest 4th of July celebration hosted by Special Events in 2023?
What is the estimated number of people in attendance at the 4th of July celebration?
What is the name of the program that supported 72 baseball/softball teams in 2023?
What is the estimated number of games completed by baseball/softball teams in 2023?
What is the estimated number of games completed by indoor soccer teams in 2023?
What is the estimated number of games completed by high school basketball teams in 2023?
What is the name of the position held by the highest-paid individual in the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the estimated salary of the Director in 2024?
What is the estimated number of summer meals served in 2023?
What is the estimated number of after-school meals served in 2022-2023?
What is the estimated number of meals served to older adults in 2023?
What is the estimated number of Healthy Active Living Centers?
What is the total expenditure of the Department of Parks & Recreation in 2024?
What is the percentage change in expenditure from 2023 to 2024 for the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the total expenditure of the Department of Parks & Recreation for 2025?
What is the increase in personnel-salary & wages from 2023 to 2024 for the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the total expenditure for personnel-employee benefits in 2024 for the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the total expenditure for miscellaneous services in 2023 for the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the total expenditure for personnel-salary & wages in 2028 for the Department of Parks & Recreation?
What is the mission of the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the name of the bureau responsible for planning transportation and mobility systems?
How many signalized intersections are there in the city?
What is the name of the division responsible for designing the programming and operational plans for signalized intersections?
What is the name of the division responsible for fabricating, installing, repairing, and/or replacing pavement markings and signage?
What is the name of the bureau responsible for all of the major capital improvement projects for transportation or mobility infrastructure?
What is the total expenditure of the Department of Parks & Recreation in 2025?
How many signalized intersections does the Design Division design for?
What is the total length of pavement markings that the Signs and Markings Division strips?
How many marked crosswalks does the Signs and Markings Division maintain?
How many traffic control and curbside regulatory signs does the Signs and Markings Division maintain?
How many traffic signal heads and other electronic traffic control devices does the Traffic Control Division maintain?
What is the length of streets that the Paving Division resurfaces every year?
How many linear miles of streets does the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure maintain?
How many lane miles of streets does the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure maintain?
How many sets of steps does the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure maintain?
What is the number of street lighting fixtures maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the name of the group advising the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of linear miles of streets maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of sets of steps maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of street lighting fixtures maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of signalized intersections maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of miles of guide rail maintained by the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of years the Complete Streets Advisory Group (CSAG) was on hiatus?
What is the number of times the spending on bridge maintenance and repairs was quadrupled?
What is the number of new treatments installed to protect bike lanes?
What is the number of staff trained to take on more "Short term" projects?
What is the title of the Director of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the grade of the Director of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the number of staff in the Data Solutions Architect position?
What is the grade of the Data Solutions Architect?
What is the number of staff in the Traffic Supervisor position?
What is the grade of the Traffic Supervisor?
What is the number of staff in the Materials Testing Supervisor position?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Department of Mobility & Infrastructure?
What is the total budget for Personnel-Salaries & Wages in 2024?
What is the increase in Personnel-Salaries & Wages from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for Property Services in 2024?
What is the percentage increase in Expenditures from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total budget for Personnel-Employee Benefits in 2024?
What is the total budget for Supplies in 2024?
What is the fiscal year for the Department of Mobility & Infrastructure budget?
What is the total expenditure for the Department of Mobility & Infrastructure in 2024?
What is the percentage change in expenditure from prior year for the Department of Mobility & Infrastructure in 2024?
How many members are appointed by the Mayor and City Council to the Citizen Police Review Board?
What is the time limit for citizens to file a notice of intent to file a citizen complaint with the CPRB?
How many Investigators are assigned to review each citizen complaint?
What is the goal of community education and outreach by the Citizen Police Review Board?
What is the name of the federal department that funds housing, economic development, and human services needs in neighborhoods with a high concentration of low- to moderate-income households?
What is the name of the fund that includes accounts held for employee benefits, payroll withholding, escheats, and tax refunds?
What is the name of the account that represents expenditures related to postage for the Department of Finance?
What is the City of Pittsburgh's real estate tax rate?
What is the name of the office that conducts property assessments in Allegheny County?
What is the name of the trust fund that includes the Workers Compensation VEBA?
What is the name of the trust fund that includes the OPEB?
What is the name of the trust fund that includes real estate tax refunds?
What is the name of the fund that includes the Liquid Fuels Fund?
What is the name of the fund that includes the Pittsburgh Partnership Fund?
What is the name of the fund that includes the Grants Fund?
What is the name of the fund that includes the Stop the Violence Fund?
What is the name of the fund that includes the Parks Tax Fund?
What is the total budget of the Citizen Police Review Board for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the percentage increase in expenditures from 2023 to 2024 for the Citizen Police Review Board?
What is the total number of Full-Time Permanent Positions in the Citizen Police Review Board?
What is the salary of the Executive Director in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the budget for the Community Liaison position in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the budget for the Community Development (CD) Trust Fund in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the total budget for the Citizen Police Review Board for Fiscal Year 2028?
What is the year the Community Development (CD) Trust Fund was established?
What is the name of the fund established to adjudicate housing discrimination cases?
What is the name of the program that improves the quality of life to low and moderate income persons living in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the amount of the beginning balance of the Community Development Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the percentage change in expenditures for the Citizen Police Review Board from the prior year in 2023?
What is the projected ending balance of the Community Development Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are in the Community Development Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the jurisdiction of the Commission on Human Relations?
What is the source of the HUD Trust Fund's revenue?
What is the purpose of the HUD Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance of the HUD Trust Fund?
What is the increase in the HUD Trust Fund's budget from 2023 to 2024?
What is the percentage change in the HUD Trust Fund's budget from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total expenditure of the HUD Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total revenue of the HUD Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the projected ending balance of the HUD Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the number of Senior Investigators, Field in the HUD Fair Housing Program Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the name of the trust fund established to adjudicate discrimination cases as a certified Fair Employment Practices Agency (FEPA)?
What is the name of the department that has jurisdiction over allegations of employment discrimination occurring throughout the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the program that the Commission on Human Relations is involved in?
What is the name of the fund that was established to pay for costs relating to the administration of properties owned jointly by the Three Taxing Bodies?
What is the name of the entity that the City acts as Trustee/Agent for properties owned jointly by the Three Taxing Bodies?
What is the rate of increase of intergovernmental revenue from 2023 to 2024?
What is the projected beginning balance of the EEOC Trust Fund in 2023?
When was the authorizing resolution 873 of 1979 amended by 1030 of 1992?
What is the name of the trust fund that was established to pay for costs relating to the administration of properties owned jointly by the Three Taxing Bodies?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
How much is the increase in the Revenues Total for the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund in 2024 compared to 2023?
What is the percentage change in the Expenditures Total for the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund in 2024 compared to 2023?
How many Full-Time Positions are in the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund?
What is the percentage of the Director's allocation in the Department of Finance?
What is the name of the trust fund used to administer employment and training services designed to help City of Pittsburgh residents become attached or reattached to the labor force?
What is the name of the trust fund used to administer employment and training services in the City of Pittsburgh?
What are the sources of revenues for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund for Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the amount of intergovernmental revenue for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the amount of personnel salaries and wages for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the amount of health insurance benefits for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the title of the supervisor of the R.E.S.E.T. Program?
What is the name of the trust fund used to account for fees paid to the City for off-duty police officers?
What is the amount of administrative charges transferred to the General Fund from the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total revenue of the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure of the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the amount of the Secondary Employment Fee in 2024?
What is the amount of the Vehicle Usage Fee in 2024?
What is the amount of the Secondary Employment Reimbursement in 2024?
What is the total appropriation for the Stop the Violence Fund in 2024?
What is the percentage of the Bureau of Police's budget that shall be transferred into the Stop the Violence fund in 2022?
What is the authorizing ordinance for the Stop the Violence Trust Fund?
What is the total budget for the Stop the Violence Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the title of the manager in the Community Health and Safety department?
What is the grade of the Community Health and Safety Manager position?
What is the amount of the increase in the budget for the Stop the Violence Trust Fund from 2023 to 2024?
What is the name of the trust fund for violence prevention in Pittsburgh?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Special Events Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the budget for the Program Coordinator position in the Special Events Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Special Events Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the increase in personnel-salaries and wages for the Special Events Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total appropriation for the Parks Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total amount that can be transferred from the Parks Trust Fund to a separate capital fund in 2024?
What is the name of the resolution that established the Parks Trust Fund?
What is the name of the ordinance that establishes the 0.50 mill tax?
What is the amount of the 0.50 mill property tax increase?
What is the name of the department that the Parks Trust Fund is associated with?
What is the fiscal year of the Parks Tax Trust Fund?
What is the total appropriation for the 2024 Parks Trust Fund Levy?
What is the main source of tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the program that provides tax relief to seniors?
What is the rate of the City real estate tax?
What is the name of the tax that was initiated following the City of Pittsburgh's entry into Act 47 in 2003?
What is the rate of the Payroll Preparation Tax?
What is the purpose of the 0.50 mills added to the real estate tax in 2019?
What is the total amount of tax revenue collected in 2022?
What percentage of total City revenue is tax revenue?
What is the name of the funding mechanism that utilizes grants, aid, and reimbursements for services performed?
What is the total amount of non-tax revenue collected in 2022?
What is the name of the trust fund that holds revenue received from a 0.50 mill increase of local property taxes?
What is the mill tax established by Ordinance 47 of 2020?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Parks Tax Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the increase in revenues from the Parks Tax Trust Fund from 2023 to 2024?
What is the department that manages the Senior Project Landscape Architect position?
What is the number of Foremen, Second in Command, in the Department of Public Works?
When does the labor contract for PJCBC members expire?
What is the total full-time permanent positions (DPR) in 2024?
What is the total full-time permanent positions (DPR) in 2023?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total revenues of the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditures of the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total full-time positions and net salaries of the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
How much is the increase in the total full-time positions and net salaries of the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the number of laborers in the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the expiration date of the labor contract for PJCBC members?
What is the increase in the budget of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the decrease in revenue of the Shade Tree Trust Fund Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the increase in the salary of the Arborist-Utility Coordinator?
What is the projected ending balance of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the increase in the budget of the Personnel-Salaries & Wages of the Shade Tree Trust Fund Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the projected ending balance of the Shade Tree Trust Fund Fiscal Year 2024?
What is the name of the trust fund that oversees year-round daily admissions, various fee-based programs, and special activities for the rink?
In what year was the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund established?
What is the fee for ice hockey rinks at the Schenley Skating Rink?
What is the projected ending balance of the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the name of the trust fund that oversees the six Regional Parks in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the department that manages the Regional Parks Trust Fund?
In what year was the Regional Parks Trust Fund established?
What is the name of the trust fund that holds revenue received from the Allegheny County Regional Asset District?
What is the fiscal year of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget?
What is the department that manages the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund?
What is the authorizing resolution for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund?
What is the name of the six Regional Parks managed by the trust fund?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund?
What is the title of the position with a 2024 rate of $81,074?
What is the percentage of allocation for Park Ranger positions from the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund?
What is the name of the trust fund that pays for tennis instructors, payroll expenses, maintenance to the Bubble, and to supplement the payment of administrative and operational costs in connection improvements to Mellon Park?
What is the department that manages the Mellon Park Trust Fund?
What is the name of the trust fund that pays for tennis instructors, payroll expenses, maintenance to the Bubble, and to supplement the payment of administrative and operational costs in connection improvements to Mellon Park?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total amount of revenues from charges for services in the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the increase in personnel-salaries and wages in the Mellon Park Trust Fund from 2023 to 2024?
What is the total number of full-time permanent positions in the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total net salary for full-time positions in the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the description of the trust fund used for operation of the Mellon Park Trust Fund?
How much is the Mellon Park Trust Fund allocated for the Operations Administrator in 2024?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total revenue for the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
How much is the personnel-salaries & wages expenditure for the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the percentage change in revenues for the Mellon Park Trust Fund from 2023 to 2024?
What is the projected ending balance of the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the 2024 rate for the Recreation Leader, Part-Time?
What is the name of the trust fund established from an endowment from Henry Clay Frick in 1926?
What is the amount of the endowment from Henry Clay Frick?
What is the projected beginning balance of the Frick Park Trust Fund in 2023?
What is the total projected expenditures of the Special Summer Food Service program in 2024?
What is the increase in total projected expenditures of the Special Summer Food Service program in 2024?
What is the projected ending balance of the Special Summer Food Service program in 2024?
What is the total net total of the Frick Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the mission of the Grants Office in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the aim of the Grants Office in the City of Pittsburgh?
How many new awards was the City of Pittsburgh awarded in 2023?
What is the total amount of funding awarded to the City of Pittsburgh in 2023?
What is the name of the grant that supports improvements in Manchester?
What is the name of the grant that funds the rehabilitation of a downtown park?
What is the name of the department that received the most new grants in 2023?
What percentage of the City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget is allocated to grants in 2024?
What is the name of the commission that awarded the grant to increase access to City of Pittsburgh Records?
What is the amount of the grant awarded by the PA Historical Publications and Records Commission?
When was the office of financial empowerment established?
What is the amount awarded to Cities for Financial Empowerment for financial empowerment for Summer Jobs participants?
What is the remaining balance for the purchase of Electric Vehicles?
What is the total amount awarded to Allegheny County/Heinz Western PA Data Center?
What is the amount awarded to Hillman Foundation for Innovation Road Map?
What is the remaining balance for the accessibility improvements at Libraries?
What is the amount awarded to PA Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for Park Master Plan?
What is the amount awarded to Regional Asset District for Public Art in the Park?
What is the total amount awarded to US Department of Agriculture for Composting Grant?
What is the amount awarded to Heinz Endowments for a just transition?
What is the total amount awarded to Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency for Saw Mill Run flood mitigation?
What is the amount awarded to Allegheny County Health Department for Public Health Diversion Program?
What is the total amount awarded to US Department of Justice for Crisis co-response program?
What is the total amount awarded to Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration for Post-overdose support?
What is the total amount awarded to Federal Emergency Management Agency for Port Security- Camera Installation?
What is the total amount awarded to PA Commission on Crime and Delinquency for Gun Violence Prevention?
What is the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program funding for Brighton Heights Healthy Active Living Center?
What is the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program funding for Homewood Park?
What is the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program funding for Jefferson Recreation Center?
What is the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program funding for Thaddeus Stevens Elementary School?
What is the funding for Medic10 Repairs?
What is the department associated with Mt.?
What type of program is the funding under for Brighton Heights Healthy Active Living Center, Homewood Park, Jefferson Recreation Center, and Thaddeus Stevens Elementary School?
When did Carnegie Mellon University undertake a process to assess and revise the university's strategic plan?
Who appointed the Strategic Plan Update Steering Committee?
What is the name of the committee that is co-chaired by Tricia O'Reilly and Becky Culyba?
In what year will the university present its findings to the community?
What is the name of the Vice Provost for Institutional Effectiveness and Planning at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the College of Engineering Dean at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the Vice President for Research at Carnegie Mellon University?
When will Carnegie Mellon University have a transformative impact on society?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year of the document?
What is the name of the university's strategic plan?
What is the name of the street where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the state where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the year of the Strategic Plan 2025?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
What is the name of the street where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the name of the city where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the name of the state where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the year that Carnegie Mellon University was founded?
What is the name of the university's website?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the contact number of the Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and Chief Diversity Officer?
What is the email address of the Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and Chief Diversity Officer?
What is the phone number of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion?
What is the email address of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion?
What is the address of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year shown in the copyright notice of Carnegie Mellon University?
When was the alma mater of Carnegie Mellon University written?
Who composed the music for the alma mater of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the university's band that plays the alma mater?
When was the university's original wooden fence built?
What is the name of the tradition that involves a fence on campus?
When was the original wooden fence replaced?
What is the purpose of The Fence on campus?
What is the material of the current fence?
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?
When was the university's first degree-granting program in drama established?
When was the original wooden fence replaced?
What was the Guinness World Record held by the original wooden fence?
How many inches of paint did the fence have as of 2017?
What was the name of the bridge that spanned the valley before The Cut was filled in?
Who died in 2008 and was dedicated to by the graduating class of 2008 at the Carnegie Mellon Silicon Valley Campus?
What is the name of the event that is the biggest event of the Carnegie Mellon school year?
How long does the Spring Carnival event last?
What is the name of the attraction at Spring Carnival that features carnival games and food?
How many runners are in a Buggy race?
What is the shape of the vehicle used in a Buggy race?
When was the Buggy race held at Schenley Park?
What is the name of the tradition at Carnegie Mellon that involves painting a fence?
When was the original wooden fence built?
When is Spring Carnival usually held?
How long is the Spring Carnival weekend?
What is the name of the event where students construct booths and carnival rides?
What is the name of the buggy race in Spring Carnival?
Where is the Sweepstakes race held?
What is the current men's record of Sweepstakes?
What is the current women's record of Sweepstakes?
Who holds the current men's title in Sweepstakes?
Who holds the current women's title in Sweepstakes?
What is the name of the student-run radio station that provides live media coverage of Sweepstakes?
What is the name of the campus television station that broadcasts live video coverage of Sweepstakes?
When was the Buggy Alumni Association founded?
When did the Buggy Alumni Association start?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University TV station that broadcasts live video coverage of the races?
What is the name of the competition at Carnegie Mellon that made its debut in 1994?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University's concert and marching band?
When did the Kiltie Band take the field for its first official performance?
How many members does the Kiltie Band have?
Who is the current director of the Kiltie Band?
Who was the previous director of the Kiltie Band?
How many years did Paul Gerlach direct the Kiltie Band?
What is the name of the annual competition at Carnegie Mellon where robots try to pass through gates?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University's 2013 Booth Competition?
What is the name of the event that features both booths and carnival rides?
What is the name of the competition in the Mobot event where robots try to pass through gates?
What is the current undergraduate mobot course record?
Who holds the current undergraduate mobot course record?
What is the overall mobot course record?
Who holds the overall mobot course record?
When would have been Andrew Carnegie's 87th birthday?
When did a female flutist join the band?
What was the name of the film that inspired a tradition within the band?
What is the name of the musical arrangement inspired by the film?
What is the name of the event where the King takes to the track?
When does the Kiltie Concert Band play a holiday concert?
How many women were in the band by 1961?
When was Jeremy Olisar named Director of the Kiltie Band?
In what year was the Kiltie Band formed?
Who was the first girl to break the tech Kiltie Band barrier?
What is the name of the school that was defunct?
When was the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center established?
In what year did the Carnegie Mellon University Computational Biology Department start?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Where is Carnegie Mellon University located?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report Best National University?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report Best Undergraduate Computer Science?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report Most Innovative Universities?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in PayScale Best Value Colleges?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in The Hollywood Reporter World's Top Drama Schools?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Bloomberg Businessweek Best Business Schools?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Times Higher Education World University Rankings?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in QS World University Rankings Top Global Universities?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Academic Ranking of World Universities Top World Universities?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Forbes America's Top Colleges?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Environmental Protection Agency Green Power Partnership Top 30 Colleges and Universities?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Animation Career Review Top U.S. Game Design Schools?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in Princeton Review Best 388 Colleges?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report Business?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in U.S. News & World Report Computer Science?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was Pittsburgh founded as a city?
What is the area of the city of Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Pittsburgh in 2010?
What is the name of the business district in Pittsburgh where the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers unite?
When was the conflict between the British and French over territorial claims in the area settled?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What rivers unite at the "Golden Triangle"?
What is the name of the business district in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers?
What is the name of the city located northwest of Pittsburgh?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a borough?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What is the area of the city of Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Pittsburgh (2010)?
What is the population of Pittsburgh Metro Area (2010)?
Who was the British statesman that Pittsburgh is named after?
Who built Fort Pitt in 1761?
What was the name of the agreement made between Native American groups and the Penn family?
When was Pittsburgh laid out by John Campbell?
What was Pittsburgh known as by 1850?
When did the American Federation of Labor (AFL) originate?
When was the University of Pittsburgh chartered?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
When was Duquesne University founded?
When was Point Park University founded?
When was Chatham University founded?
When was Carlow University founded?
When was the Community College of Allegheny County founded?
What is the year the Carnegie Science Center was founded?
What is the year the Henry Buhl, Jr., Planetarium and Observatory was founded?
What is the year the Andy Warhol Museum was founded?
How many volumes does the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh contain?
When was the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens founded?
What is the size of the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens?
When were the new sports venues opened?
What is the name of the Pirates' stadium?
What is the name of the Steelers' stadium?
What is the name of the Penguins' stadium?
What is the name of the amusement park southeast of the city?
Who are the Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica?
Who revised and updated the article most recently?
What is the name of the organization that includes the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the umbrella organization consisting of a number of institutions?
Who was awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics?
How many Nobel Prizes has Carnegie Mellon University been home to?
Who was awarded the Stockholm Prize in Criminology in 2014?
What year was the Swedish Ministry of Justice established the Stockholm Prize in Criminology?
Who was awarded the Turing Award in 2019?
How many Turing Award recipients has Carnegie Mellon University been home to?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Medicine membership?
What year was the National Academy of Medicine established?
Who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2009?
What year was Herbert Simon awarded the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences?
Who was awarded the School of Computer Science Faculty Award in 1995?
In what year did Ivan Sutherland graduate from the College of Engineering?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Medicine membership in 2018?
How many National Academy of Engineering members is Carnegie Mellon home to?
Who was the Dean of the College of Engineering in 2023?
When did Sebastian Ceria graduate from the Tepper School of Business?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2021?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2019?
When did Jennifer Hartt Elisseeff graduate from the Mellon College of Science?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2017?
When did Donna G. Blackmond graduate from the College of Engineering?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2014?
When did Lorenz T. Biegler join the College of Engineering Faculty?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2013?
Who was awarded the National Academy of Engineering membership in 2013?
In what year did the School of Computer Science Faculty Award was awarded jointly with Edward Feigenbaum?
When was Richard Shoup awarded for the concept and development of the first electronics graphics creative system?
What is the name of the documentary feature produced by James R. Swartz that won an Emmy Award in 2018?
In what year did Alana Billingsley win an Emmy Award for Outstanding Production Design for a Variety Special?
Who won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Period Costume for "The Queen's Gambit" in 2021?
In what year did Habib Azar win a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team for "As The World Turns"?
What is the name of the series for which Michael Berger won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lighting Design/Lighting Direction in 2024?
Who won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for "L.A. Law" in 1989?
In what year did Casey Childs win a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team for "All My Children"?
Who won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Daytime Drama Series for "The Young and the Restless" in 1975?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon alumni and faculty receive at least 142 Emmy Awards to date?
Who is the recipient of the 2013 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie?
What is the name of the 1990 Daytime Emmy-winning series for Outstanding Drama Series?
Who are the recipients of the 2003 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team?
What is the name of the 1974 Daytime Emmy-winning series for Outstanding Drama Special?
Who are the recipients of the 1992 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team?
What is the name of the 1983 Daytime Emmy-winning series for Outstanding Daytime Drama Series?
Who are the recipients of the 1995 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team?
What is the name of the 2014 Daytime Emmy-winning series for Outstanding Daytime Drama Series?
Who is the recipient of the 2016 Daytime Emmy for Best Lighting Design/Lighting Direction for a Variety Special?
Who are the recipients of the 2007 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team?
What is the name of the 2020 Daytime Emmy-winning series for Outstanding children's programming?
Who is the recipient of the 1990 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy?
Who are the recipients of the 1988 Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Daytime Drama Series?
Who won the Outstanding Drama Series award in 2003?
What TV series won the Outstanding Drama Series award in 2005?
Who won the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series award in 1979?
What is the name of the TV movie that won the Outstanding Television Movie award in 2024?
Who won the Outstanding Achievement in Costume Design/Styling award in 2011?
What TV series won the Outstanding Drama Series award in 2001?
Who won the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Special award in 1993?
What is the name of the TV series that won the Outstanding Art Direction for a Single-Camera Series award in 2011?
Who won the Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series award in 2020?
What is the name of the TV series that won the Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Comedy Series award in 1971 and 1973?
Who won the Outstanding Single Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role award in 1964?
What is the name of the TV series that won the Outstanding Art Direction for Variety or Nonfiction Programming award in 2013?
Who won the Outstanding Production Design for a Variety, Reality or Competition Series award in 2021?
What is the name of the TV series that won the Outstanding Production Design for a Variety, Nonfiction, Reality or Reality-Competition Series award in 2019?
Who won the Emmy for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2017?
What award did Marilyn Lowey win in 1986?
What show did Sonia Manzano win an award for in 2003?
Who won the Emmy for Individual Achievement in Sound Recording in 1989?
What award did Mark Malmberg win in 1992?
What award did Mark Malmberg win in 1996?
Who won the award for Outstanding Actress in a Daytime Series in 2024?
When was Kenneth Love awarded the Emmy for Individual Achievement in Sound Recording?
Who was awarded jointly with Kenneth Love for Outstanding Lighting Direction (Electronic) for a Miniseries or Special in 1986?
In what year did Mark Malmberg win the Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Design?
Who won the Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Children's Series for "Sesame Street" in 2003?
How many times did Sonia Manzano win the Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Children's Series for "Sesame Street"?
Who was awarded jointly with Sonia Manzano for Outstanding Writing in a Children's Series for "Sesame Street" in 2003?
In what year did Mark Malmberg win the Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Design for MSNBC ID Package?
Who is the Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series winner in 1980, 1981, and 1982?
What is the name of the award won by Norman Stiles in 1991?
What is the name of the award won by Rob Marshall in 2007?
What is the name of the award won by Noel Maxam in 2002?
Who is the winner of the Outstanding Talk Show in 2001 and 2002?
What is the name of the award won by Daniel Orlandi in 2024?
Who is the winner of the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2019?
Who is the winner of the Outstanding Drama Series in 1994?
Who is the winner of the Outstanding Interactive Media in 2020?
In what year was the first conference of ICML held in Pittsburgh?
Who won the Outstanding Talk Show award in 1983 and 2001 and 2002?
What show did Daniel Orlandi win the Outstanding Lighting Design/Lighting Direction for a Variety Series award for in 2005?
Who won the Outstanding Costume Design for a Variety or Musical Program award in 1976?
What show did Billy Porter win the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series award for in 1991?
What show did Michael Pressman win the Outstanding Drama Series award for in 1972 and 1994?
Who won the Outstanding Interactive Media award in 2001 and 2020?
What show did John Shaffner win the Outstanding Art Direction for a Multi-Camera Series award for in 2007 and 2008?
Who won the Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design award in 1962?
What show did Gary Smith win the Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development award for in 1983?
When was the Best Lighting Design/Lighting Direction for a Variety Special awarded to Jack Taylor in 2016?
What was the title of the 2019 award-winning variety special?
Who was awarded Outstanding Achievement in Music and Lyrics in 1954?
What was the title of the 1974 award-winning program?
Who was awarded Outstanding Drama Series in 2003?
What was the title of the 2002 award-winning special class program?
Who was awarded Outstanding Achievement in Daytime Programming in 1979?
What was the title of the 1991 award-winning program?
Who was awarded Best Direction of a Single Musical or Variety Program in 1959?
When was Constance Wexler awarded Outstanding Achievement in Daytime Programming?
Who was awarded Best Play as a producer in 2023?
What production was awarded Best Revival of a Musical as a producer in 2023?
Who was awarded Best Play as a producer in 2019?
What production was awarded Best Play as a producer in 2019?
Who was awarded Best Musical as producer in 2018?
What production was awarded Best Revival of a Musical as producer in 2018?
Who is the producer of the musical "The Band's Visit"?
What musical was awarded the Best Revival of a Musical in 2018?
Who was awarded the Best Revival of a Play in 2018?
What musical was awarded the Best Musical in 2014?
Who was awarded the Best Play in 2013?
What play was awarded the Best Revival (Play) in 2009?
Who won the 1983 Lighting Design award?
Who was awarded the 2013 Lighting Design award for "Lucky Guy"?
Who won the 1996 Lighting Design award for "Bring in da Noise/Bring in da Funk"?
Who won the 1992 Lighting Design award for "Jelly's Last Jam"?
Who won the 1991 Lighting Design award for "The Will Rogers Follies"?
Who won the 1990 Lighting Design award for "Grand Hotel, The Musical"?
Who won the 1978 Lighting Design award for "Dancin'"?
Who won the 1974 Lighting Design award for "Ulysses in Nighttown"?
Who won the 1973 Lighting Design award for "Pippin"?
Who won the 1992-93 Actress (Musical) award?
Who won the 2016 Actress (Musical) award for "Hamilton"?
When was the musical "Grand Hotel, The Musical" awarded?
Who won the award for Lighting Design for the musical "Dancin'"?
What year did the musical "Ulysses in Nighttown" win the award for Lighting Design?
Who won the award for Best Play as producer for the play "Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike"?
Who is a Carnegie Mellon University alumnus who won the award for Best Sound Design of a Musical for the musical "Moulin Rouge! The Musical"?
What year did the play "I'm Not Rappaport" win the award for Play?
Who won the award for Actress (Musical) for the musical "Thoroughly Modern Millie"?
What year did the musical "Anything Goes" win the award for Actress (Musical)?
Who won the award for Best Musical as Producer for the musical "Spring Awakening"?
What year did the musical "Memphis" win the award for Best Musical as Producer?
Who won the award for Actor (Musical) for the musical "Kinky Boots"?
What year did the play "Da" win the award for Actor (Play)?
Who won the award for Costume Design (Play) for the play "The Nance"?
What year did the musical "Two Gentlemen of Verona" win the award for Book (Musical)?
Who won the award for Actress (Dramatic) for the play "Twigs"?
What year did the play "Doubt" win the award for Actress (Play)?
Who won the award for Actor (Musical) for the musical "Hamilton"?
When was Carnegie Mellon University's President Emeritus Jared L. Cohon a faculty member?
What year did Sridhar Tayur join Tepper School of Business as Faculty?
In what year did Allen Newell join the School of Computer Science Faculty?
What year did William D. Magwood IV join Mellon College of Science?
What year did Robert Kass join Dietrich College/School of Computer Science Faculty?
What year did Pradeep K. Khosla leave Carnegie Mellon University as a faculty member?
Who is the former CMU President and College of Engineering Faculty member?
What year did Shafi Goldwasser join Mellon College of Science?
What year did Manuel Blum join the School of Computer Science Faculty?
What year did Herbert Simon join Dietrich College/School of Computer Science/Tepper School Faculty?
What year did Allen Newell join the School of Computer Science Faculty?
Who is the former College of Engineering Faculty member?
What year did Robert B. Griffiths join Mellon College of Science Faculty?
What year did M.L. Goldberger join Mellon College of Science?
What year did William W. Mullins join Mellon College of Science Faculty?
What year did James Langer join Mellon College of Science?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the CMU President who was also a College of Engineering Faculty in 2012?
Who is the Dean of the Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy?
When was the National Academy of Public Administration founded?
How many Academy members has Carnegie Mellon been home to?
When did Herbert Simon become a faculty member at Carnegie Mellon?
Who is the President Emeritus of the College of Engineering?
When did Allen Newell pass away?
Who is the Provost of the College of Engineering?
When was William W. Mullins a faculty member at Mellon College of Science?
How many times has Ramayya Krishnan been elected as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science?
Who is the President Emeritus of Carnegie Mellon University?
Which faculty member was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2019?
What is the name of the honorary society and independent policy research center that has been home to 26 Carnegie Mellon University members?
Which faculty member received the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Chemistry in 2017?
What is the name of the award given to Edmund M. Clarke in 2014?
Who received the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Mechanical Engineering in 2013?
Which faculty member was awarded the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science in 2011?
What is the name of the award given to Robert H. Dennard in 1958?
Who received the Cresson Award in 1971?
When was the Guggenheim Fellowship established?
Which faculty member was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2017?
What is the name of the college where Manuel Blum is a faculty member?
Who is the President of Carnegie Mellon University?
Which faculty member received the Potts Award in 1976?
Who is the faculty member who received the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Electrical Engineering in 2007?
What is the name of the award given to Takeo Kanade in 2008?
Which faculty member was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010?
When was the Guggenheim Fellowship established?
Who is the founder of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.?
When was the Honda Prize established?
Who was the first recipient of the National Book Award in Poetry?
What is the name of the award that honors American writers in four categories: Fiction, Nonfiction, Poetry, and Young People's Literature?
When was the National Medal of Science created by Congress?
Who was the recipient of the National Medal of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science in 1992?
Who was the recipient of the National Medal of Science in Behavioral and Social Science in 1986?
When was the National Medal of Technology and Innovation created by Congress?
Who was the recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 2015?
Who was the recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 2008?
Who was the recipient of the Vannevar Bush Award in 2006?
When was the Vannevar Bush Award established?
What is the name of the award that recognizes an individual who has made an outstanding contribution toward the welfare of mankind and the nation?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
Who is the founder of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the college where Raj Reddy is a faculty member?
When did Raj Reddy receive the Honda Prize?
Who is the recipient of the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Mechanical Engineering?
When was the Vannevar Bush Award established?
Who was a prominent scientist and adviser to presidents?
What award recognizes an individual's contribution toward the welfare of mankind and the nation?
Who was awarded the Vannevar Bush Award in 2005?
Who was awarded the Vannevar Bush Award in 2006?
How many Churchill Scholars has Carnegie Mellon been home to?
What is the name of the scholarship program that offers American citizens the opportunity to pursue graduate studies in engineering, mathematics or the sciences at Cambridge University's Churchill College?
How many Fulbright Scholars has Carnegie Mellon been home to?
When was Stephanie Kwolek a student at Margaret Morrison Carnegie College?
When was Gordon Bell a faculty member at the School of Computer Science?
What award was Charles Geschke awarded in 2008?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the college at Carnegie Mellon University where Jillian Jaycox studied in 2016?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University have 12 Churchill Scholars?
What is the name of the program that provides an opportunity to teach, study, and conduct research in 150 countries worldwide?
How many countries does the Fulbright Program operate in?
What is the name of the Bureau that sponsors the Fulbright Program?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University have 104 Fulbright Scholars?
What is the name of the college at Carnegie Mellon University where Kristin Daniel studied in 2023?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University have 12 Churchill Scholars?
How many Fulbright Scholars has Carnegie Mellon University been home to?
What is the name of the college at Carnegie Mellon University where Lawrence A. Riddle studied in 1976?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University have 104 Fulbright Scholars?
What is the name of the college at Carnegie Mellon University where Swati Varshney studied in 2010?
How many Churchill Scholars has Carnegie Mellon University been home to?
What is the name of the program that Carnegie Mellon University has been home to 104 scholars of?
In what year did Carnegie Mellon University have 104 Fulbright Scholars?
What is the name of the college at Carnegie Mellon University where Keith J. Meyer studied in 1972?
Who is the 2003-2004 director of the College of Fine Arts?
In what year was the Gates Cambridge Scholarship program established?
What is the name of the scholarship program established by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation at the University of Cambridge?
What is the name of the College that Gil Alterovitz is affiliated with?
Who is the 1995-1996 director of the College of Engineering?
In what year was the first ICML conference held in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the College that Montserrat (Chambers) Miller is affiliated with?
Who is the 1990-1991 director of the Dietrich College?
In what year was Lynn Beckstrom a director of the College of Fine Arts?
When was the Gates Cambridge Scholarship program established?
What is the name of the scholarship established by Congress in 1986 to honor Sen. Barry M. Goldwater?
What is the name of the scholarship named in honor of U.S. Secretary of State George C Marshall?
What is the name of the scholarship established by British philanthropist and African colonial pioneer Cecil Rhodes?
What is the name of the scholarship established by Congress in 1977 to honor President Harry S. Truman?
In what year was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the name of the college that Christina Cabana is affiliated with?
What is the name of the college that Scott Kaufman is affiliated with?
Who is the recipient of the 2025 Goldwater Scholarship?
In what year was the first ICML conference held in Pittsburgh?
Who is the recipient of the 2018 Gates Cambridge Scholarship?
What is the name of the college that Amanda Bougades is affiliated with?
Who is the recipient of the 2022 Marshall Scholarship?
Who is the recipient of the 2013 Rhodes Scholarship?
In what year was the first Goldwater Scholarship established?
Who is the recipient of the 1955 Rhodes Scholarship?
What is the name of the college that Robert Boyer is affiliated with?
Who is the recipient of the 2009 Marshall Scholarship?
Who is the recipient of the 2016 Marshall Scholarship?
In what year was the Gates Cambridge Scholarship program established at the University of Cambridge?
When was the Truman Scholarship established?
Who established the Rhodes Scholarship?
How many Truman Scholars has Carnegie Mellon been home to?
Who is the recipient of the 2018 Best Documentary Feature award?
How many Academy Awards have Carnegie Mellon alumni received?
Who is the recipient of the 2022 Best Adapted Screenplay award?
How many Emmy Awards have Carnegie Mellon alumni and faculty received?
Who is the recipient of the 1996 Scientific and Engineering Award?
When was the Morris K. Udall Scholarship established?
Who is the recipient of the 1998 Best Music, Original Song award?
When is the Guest Recital of Patricio Cosentino?
Who is performing at the Guest Recital on October 21?
What is the name of the concert by the Escher String Quartet?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: New Sounds?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on November 2?
What is the name of the program performed by the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on November 2?
What is the cost of regular admission to the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on November 2?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble?
What is the name of the composition performed by Jocelyn Selby on November 16?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble?
When is the CMU Chorus & Singers?
Who is the director of the CMU Chorus & Singers?
What is the name of the concert that showcases Undergraduate and Graduate students in the studios of Nancy Galbraith, R. James Whipple, and Dr. Katherine Pukinskis?
When is the Percussion Studio Recital?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra?
What is the date of the Percussion Studio Recital?
What is the time of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
Who is the Director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series event on December 3?
What is the name of the piece by Amy Beach performed by Lorna McGhee on December 3?
What is the name of the event featuring the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus on December 5?
Who is the guest conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus on December 5?
What is the name of the piece by George Frideric Handel performed by the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus on December 6?
What is the time of the Student Recital by Joanna Lau on December 6?
Who is the pianist accompanying Joanna Lau at the Student Recital on December 6?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series event on January 11?
What is the name of the piece by Silvestrov performed by Vadim Gluzman on January 11?
What is the name of the ensemble performing on January 25?
What is the time of the Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble on January 25?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus on December 5?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Mellon School of Music Jazz Ensembles?
When is the recital of Joanna Lau and Vahan Sargsyan?
What is the name of the composer of the opera "Alcina"?
What is the name of the director of the opera "Alcina"?
What is the fee for regular admission to the opera "Alcina"?
What is the name of the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble?
What is the name of the composer of the piece "Marejada"?
What is the name of the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic?
What is the name of the composer of the piece "Symphonie Fantastique"?
What is the name of the venue for the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble on February 15?
What is the name of the director of the Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series?
When is the recital of Joshua Gandy, horn, and Donna Amato, piano?
What is the cost of the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic?
What is the program of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on February 27?
What is the program of the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series on February 24?
Who is the director of the CMU Chorus & Singers?
What is the cost of the event on March 14?
What is the program of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble on March 23?
What is the program of the First-Year Composition Showcase on March 28?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble?
What is the cost of the event on April 2?
Who is the director of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
What is the program of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir on April 15?
What is the program of the Student Recital of Yi Ding on April 11?
What is the program of the Student Recital of Emily Garcia on April 12?
What is the program of the Student Recital of David Song on April 13?
When is the Student Recital of Emily Garcia?
What time is the Student Recital of Emily Garcia?
Where is the Student Recital of Emily Garcia?
What instrument does Emily Garcia play?
Who accompanies Emily Garcia in her recital?
What time is the Student Recital of David Song?
What instrument does David Song play?
Who accompanies David Song in his recital?
What time is the Student Recital of Evelyn Davenport?
What instrument does Evelyn Davenport play?
What time is the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir performance?
Where is the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir performance?
What time is the Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble performance?
Where is the Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble performance?
What time is the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic performance?
When is the Guest Recital by Patricio Cosentino?
Who is performing at the Guest Recital by Patricio Cosentino?
What is the program for the Guest Recital by Patricio Cosentino?
Who is the guest masterclass for on October 22?
What is the program for the guest masterclass by Sean Chen?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: New Sounds?
Who is conducting the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on November 2?
What is the program for the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on November 2?
Who is directing the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble?
Who is directing the Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble?
When is the CMU Chorus & Singers?
Who is directing the CMU Chorus & Singers?
When is the Fall Composition Studio Concert?
When is the Percussion Studio Recital?
What is the time of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
Who is the Director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra?
Where is the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: Lorna McGhee back @ CMU! held?
What is the name of the piece performed by Lorna McGhee in the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series?
Who is the guest conductor for the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus on Friday, December 6?
Who is the conductor for the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus on Thursday, December 5?
What is the name of the piece composed by Carter Pann performed by the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus?
Where is the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus on December 5 held?
What is the name of the piece composed by George Frideric Handel performed by the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus on December 6?
When is the recital of Joanna Lau and Vahan Sargsyan?
What type of instrument does Joanna Lau play?
What is the program of the recital of Holly Romanelli?
Who is performing in the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series on January 11?
What is the name of the violinist performing in the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series on January 11?
What is the name of the composer of the opera "Alcina"?
How many showtimes are there for the opera "Alcina"?
What is the cost of regular admission for the opera "Alcina"?
What is the cost of senior citizen admission for the opera "Alcina"?
Who is the director of the opera "Alcina"?
Who is the conductor of the opera "Alcina"?
What is the name of the ensemble performing on February 13?
Who is the oboist of the Akropolis Reed Quintet?
What is the name of the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble?
What is the name of the hornist performing in the student recital on February 16?
What is the name of the mezzo-soprano performing in the student recital on February 22?
What is the name of the hornist performing in the student recital on February 23?
What is the name of the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic on February 27?
When is the recital of Joshua Gandy and Donna Amato?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic?
What is the name of the student composer concert?
When is the Spring Composition Studio Concert?
What is the name of the CMU Chorus & Singers director?
When is the CMU Chorus & Singers performance?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble director?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble performance?
What is the name of the First-Year Composition Showcase?
When is the First-Year Composition Showcase?
Who is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic for the Gala of Grand Opera?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: Schumann & Schubert?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir director?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir performance?
When is the Student Recital of Yi Ding?
When is the Student Recital of Emily Garcia?
When is the Student Recital of David Song?
When is the Student Recital of Evelyn Davenport?
When is the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir performance at Carnegie Music Hall?
What is the fee of the Student Recital : Emily Garcia?
What is the time of the Student Recital : Emily Garcia?
What is the location of the Student Recital : Emily Garcia?
Who is the soprano in the Student Recital : Emily Garcia?
What is the instrument of the Student Recital : David Song?
What is the time of the Student Recital : David Song?
What is the instrument of the Student Recital : Evelyn Davenport?
Who is the director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra?
What is the time of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
What is the location of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
What is the instrument of the Student Recital : Siyuan Shen?
What is the conductor of the Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic?
When is the Fall Break at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the group that provides an opportunity for students to discuss the unique experiences of being a Master's student?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity at CMU?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
When does the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration end?
What is the name of the support group for students who experience chronic conditions?
What is the name of the LGBTQIA+ Faculty and Staff Alliance Employee Resource Group?
When does the 30th Annual Andy Awards take place?
What is the duration of the Nexus of Civic Engagement event?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event at the Tepper School of Business?
What is the duration of the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What is the duration of the Nexus of Civic Engagement event in room 102?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
What is the name of the conference at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the name of the month being celebrated at CMU?
When is the PA Mail-In Ballot Deadline?
Where is the exhibition "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" held?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
What is the name of the event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting by guests?
When is the event "Data Visualization in R Shiny" held?
What is the name of the seminar series that enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship?
What is the name of the workshop that introduces Obsidian, a markdown-based note-taking app?
What is the name of the group that provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master's student?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the exhibition that includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit about life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the month-long awareness event?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity at CMU?
When does the CMU Pantry operate?
What is the name of the chair massage event?
When does the chair massage event take place?
What is the name of the Black Women's Support Group?
When does the Black Women's Support Group meet?
What is the name of the film screening event?
Who will host the film screening event?
When does the voter registration assistance event take place?
Where can students find voter registration assistance?
What is the name of the exhibition about voting and civic engagement?
When is the CMU Pantry open?
What is the CMU Pantry's operating schedule?
What is the CMU Pantry's location?
What is the CMU Pantry's purpose?
What is the Black Women's Support Group's schedule?
Who will host the "Political Advertisement XI" screening and Q&A?
What is the title of Marshall Reese & Antoni Muntadas' film?
Who will moderate the Q&A for the "Political Advertisement XI" screening?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the student organization promoting democratic engagement?
What is the name of the exhibition emphasizing the power of voting and civic engagement?
When is the Homecoming Weekend 2024?
What is the name of the football game during Homecoming Weekend 2024?
What is the name of the venue for the football game during Homecoming Weekend 2024?
What is the name of the Philharmonic performing at CMU?
When is the Anniversary of the Crowning of Haile Selassie?
What is the name of the venue for the Anniversary of the Crowning of Haile Selassie?
When is the exhibition "Your Vote, Your Future" held?
What is the name of the soccer game between New York U. and Carnegie Mellon?
Where is the Nexus of Civic Engagement located?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the artist who created the artwork "Arisaema ringens"?
What is the title of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
When is the Donuts & Democracy event held?
What is the name of the meditation practice held at the Interfaith Room?
What is the name of the platform used for hosting websites and portfolios?
What is the name of the space for students across the neurodiverse umbrella?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity?
What is the name of the introductory workshop held at the Well-being Lab?
What is the name of the support group for PhD students?
Who is the presenter of the Café Scientifique event?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Carnegie Science Center?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the assistant professor of chemistry who is presenting the Café Scientifique event?
What is the title of the Café Scientifique event?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago?
What is the name of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation's exhibition?
What is the name of the group that provides free food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the support group for students who experience chronic conditions?
What is the name of the pet therapy event?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
Where is the CMU Pantry located?
When is the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration open?
What is the name of the artist who created the watercolor on paper of Arisaema ringens?
How long is the workshop "Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 1"?
What is the name of the seminar series that enhances the experiential education of individuals interested in innovation and entrepreneurship?
When is the Weekly Pet Therapy Program held?
What is the name of the exhibition that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When is Native American Heritage Month celebrated?
What is the name of the workshop that explores the fundamentals of machine learning using scikit-learn?
When is the CMU Pantry open?
What is the name of the program that provides mindfulness-based stress reduction?
What time is the Introduction to Machine Learning With Python workshop?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What is the duration of the Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction sessions?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the location of the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the duration of the Engineering & Biotech Virtual Career Fair?
What is the location of the Black Women’s Support Group?
What is the time of the La Roche vs. Carnegie Mellon men's basketball game?
What is the location of the Native American Heritage Month event?
When does the CMU Pantry operate?
What is the exhibition celebrating at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the PhD Student Support Group?
When is Native American Heritage Month?
What is the name of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition?
What is the name of the watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood?
When is the semester pass/no pass & withdrawal deadline?
What is the name of the Invisible Fight: Chronic Illness Support Group?
What time does the LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group meet?
What is the name of the exhibit at the Hunt Library Gallery?
What is the name of the event at the Hunt Library, Fourth Floor?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What time does the Neurospicy — Graduate meet?
What is the name of the group that provides food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the football event?
What is the name of the women's basketball event?
What is the name of the women's volleyball event?
When is the CMU Pantry open?
How long is the LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group meeting?
Where is the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration held?
How many artworks are included in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
How many countries are represented in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the topic of the workshop "Data for Citizen Science and Developing Community Data"?
Where is the workshop "Data for Citizen Science and Developing Community Data" held?
What is the duration of the workshop "Data for Citizen Science and Developing Community Data"?
What is the topic of the workshop "Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 2"?
Where is the workshop "Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 2" held?
What is the time of the workshop "Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 2"?
What is the topic of the seminar series "Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS"?
What is the time of the seminar series "Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS"?
What is the topic of the workshop "Tips for Writing Literature Reviews Part 1"?
Where is the workshop "Tips for Writing Literature Reviews Part 1" held?
What is the time of the workshop "Tips for Writing Literature Reviews Part 1"?
What is the name of the exhibition that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago?
What is the name of the weekly pet therapy program?
What is the name of the group that encourages democratic engagement events throughout the year?
When does the CMU Pantry operate weekly?
Where is the CMU Pantry located?
What is the name of the keynote address that explores how ableism appears in daily interactions and through systemic barriers?
Who is the facilitator of the Black Women’s Support Group?
What is the name of the exhibition that includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries?
When does the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration operate?
What is the name of the event that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When does the event that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives operate?
What is the name of the event that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the exhibition that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit that is a portal to the past?
What is the name of the event that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement?
What is the name of the group that provides food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the exhibition that includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries?
What is the name of the Center for Transformational Play that is hosting Meaningful Play for the first time in 2024?
What is the name of the month that is being celebrated for National Disability Employment Awareness Month?
What is the name of the holiday that is being celebrated on campus?
What is the name of the university that is hosting the men's soccer game against Carnegie Mellon?
What is the name of the university that is hosting the women's soccer game against Carnegie Mellon?
What is the name of the room where Scotty is hosting a weekly event?
What is the name of the event that Scotty is hosting in the room 102?
What is the time of the weekly event hosted by Scotty?
What is the duration of the event that Scotty is hosting?
What are the hours of the CMU Pantry on weekdays?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event on Sunday, November 17, at Kresge Theatre?
What is the name of the event on Monday, November 18, at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the time of the State of the University Address?
What is the name of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the time of the Neurospicy event?
What is the name of the sports event on Sunday, November 17?
What is the time of the men's basketball game?
What is the duration of the Native American Heritage Month?
When does the PhD Student Support Group meet?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the support group for students with chronic illnesses?
Where is the LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group meeting?
What is the name of the event series where students make their project work available for playtesting?
When does the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration end?
What is the name of the group room where the Gender in Process group meets?
When does the Master's Student Support Group meet?
When does the CMU Pantry operate?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
When does Spring 2025 Registration Week start?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the program offering voter registration assistance?
What is the name of the pet therapy program?
What is the name of the ensemble performing at Kresge Theatre?
What is the name of the group providing food assistance to CMU students?
What is the name of the group for Black women students?
When is the Transgender Day of Remembrance?
What is the name of the exhibition featuring 43 artworks by 43 artists?
Where is the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation located?
What is the time of the CMU Chorus & Singers performance?
What is the name of the group for Master's students?
What is the time of the Weekly Pet Therapy Program?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry Hours?
How many artworks are featured in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the address of Kresge Theatre?
What time does the CMU Chorus & Singers event start?
What is the name of the artist who created the artwork "Arisaema ringens"?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the address of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the address of the CMU Pantry?
What time does the CMU Pantry open on Monday?
What is the name of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit about CMU in the 1980s?
What is the time of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the time of the CMU Chorus & Singers event?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry on Saturday?
What is the time of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry Hours?
What is the duration of the Weekly CMU Pantry Hours?
What is the time of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the location of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibition showcasing botanical art and illustration?
What is the time of the Invisible Fight: Chronic Illness Support Group?
What is the name of the support group for LGBTQIA+ folks?
What is the name of the exhibition that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the event that is a free resource combating food insecurity?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the purpose of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating Native American Heritage Month?
What is the duration of the Thanksgiving Break?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What is the CMU Pantry?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on November 28?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on November 29?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on November 30?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on December 1?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on December 2?
What is the location of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the time of the Neurospicy event?
What is the duration of the Neurospicy event?
What is the location of the Neurospicy event?
What is the duration of the Master's Student Support Group?
What is the time of the Master's Student Support Group?
What is the location of the Master's Student Support Group?
When is the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration open?
What is the location of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
Who is the artist of the watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood?
What is the name of the watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood?
What is the size of the watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood?
What is the name of the exhibition that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the location of the Architecture Archives exhibition?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir event?
What is the location of the Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir event?
What is the name of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the location of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the time of the PhD Student Support Group?
What is the name of the CMU Pantry event?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry event?
What is the name of the plant species depicted in the watercolor artwork?
Who is the artist of the watercolor artwork?
What is the location of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition?
What is the title of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
When does the Provost's Office Hours take place?
What is the name of the group that provides an opportunity for Master's students to come together and discuss their experiences?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What is the name of the pet therapy program that takes place at the Hunt Library?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When does the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration end?
What is the location of the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
How many artworks are included in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
How many artists are represented in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
How many countries are represented in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the name of the watercolor artist who created the artwork "Arisaema ringens"?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What time does the CMU Pantry operate on Monday?
What is the name of the support group for students who experience chronic conditions?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the location of the exhibition "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives"?
What time does the CMU Philharmonic perform?
What is the name of the building where the CMU Philharmonic performs?
What is the address of the Great Hall, College of Fine Arts?
What is the name of the university where the CMU Pantry is located?
What is the name of the city where Carnegie Mellon University is located?
What is the name of the support group for PhD students?
What are the hours of the Institute for Botanical Documentation?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Institute for Botanical Documentation?
Who is the artist of the artwork "Arisaema ringens"?
What is the size of the artwork "Arisaema ringens"?
What is the location of the CMU Pantry?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on weekdays?
What is the time of the CMU Pantry hours on Fridays?
What is the purpose of the CMU Pantry?
What is the name of the support group for students with chronic illnesses?
What is the time of the Master's Student Support Group?
What is the location of the Pause to Relax: Pet Therapy program?
What is the time of the Pause to Relax: Pet Therapy program?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the location of the Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives exhibition?
What is the duration of the Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives exhibition?
When does the exhibition "Like, Totally Transformative: CMU in the 1980s" take place?
Where is the "Like, Totally Transformative: CMU in the 1980s" exhibition located?
What is the name of the university library's exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When does the "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" take place?
Where is the "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" located?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
When does the "Your Vote, Your Future" exhibition take place?
Where is the "Your Vote, Your Future" exhibition located?
When is the PA Voter Registration Deadline?
Where is the Sukkot celebration located?
When does the exhibition "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" start?
What is the purpose of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
How many artworks are included in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
How many countries are represented by the artists in the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity at CMU?
What is the operating time of the CMU Pantry?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Hunt Library?
When do final grades need to be submitted?
How long has the Architecture Archives been in existence?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity at CMU?
Where is the CMU Pantry located?
What are the CMU Pantry hours on Wednesday, December 18?
What is the day of the week for the CMU Pantry on Thursday, December 19?
What is the day of the week for the CMU Pantry on Friday, December 20?
When do final grades need to be submitted?
What is the location of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the holiday observed on December 25?
What is the name of the holiday observed on December 26?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What holiday is being celebrated at Hunt Library, Fourth Floor?
What holiday is being celebrated at Hunt Library, Fourth Floor (other than Kwanzaa)?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University that the Architecture Archives is affiliated with?
What is the name of the building where the Architecture Archives is located?
What is the name of the holiday celebrated on January 6, 2025?
What is the name of the sports event happening on January 6, 2025?
When is the Feast of the Epiphany/ Día de los Reyes / Theophany of our Lord?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
Where is the exhibition "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" held?
What is the date of the event "Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: Vadim Gluzman @ CMU!"?
What is the time of the event "Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series: Vadim Gluzman @ CMU!"?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives' anniversary?
When is the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives being celebrated?
Where is the Architecture Archives exhibition located?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the purpose of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the city that the Architecture Archives tells part of the story of?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event that is not a part of the Architecture Archives exhibition?
What is the sport of the CMU Time Trials event?
What is the name of the university that the Architecture Archives is a part of?
What is the name of the day when there are no classes and the university is closed?
What is the name of the team that is playing against Carnegie Mellon in the women's basketball game on January 26?
What is the time of the women's basketball game on January 26?
What is the name of the ensemble performing at the Kresge Theatre on January 25?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon University ensemble performing at 8-10 p.m. on the Forbes list?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
Where is the Architecture Archives exhibition located?
What is the name of the theater hosting the Carnegie Mellon Opera: Alcina?
What is the name of the university hosting the Carnegie Mellon Opera: Alcina?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the university's libraries hosting the Architecture Archives exhibition?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the university's event celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the event celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the event at Carnegie Mellon University celebrating 40 years?
When is Imbolc or St. Brigid's Day celebrated?
What event is happening at Philip Chosky Theater on February 2?
What exhibition is celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the university library where the exhibition is held?
What is the date of the mini-3 course drop deadline?
What is the date of the Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon men's basketball game?
What is the date of the Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon women's basketball game?
What is the date of the Rochester vs. Carnegie Mellon women's basketball game?
What is the date of the Rochester vs. Carnegie Mellon men's basketball game?
What is the date of Darwin Day?
Where is the Kresge Theatre located?
What time is the event at Kresge Theatre on February 13?
What month is being celebrated in February 2025?
What is the anniversary being celebrated by the Architecture Archives?
What day is Black History Month celebrated on in 2025?
What event is being celebrated at the Architecture Archives in 2025?
What type of event is being held at Kresge Theatre on February 13, 2025?
What teams are playing men's basketball at Carnegie Mellon University on February 14, 2025?
What teams are playing women's basketball at Carnegie Mellon University on February 16, 2025?
What time is the Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble performing at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall on February 15, 2025?
What type of course evaluations are open on February 17, 2025?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the location of the Architecture Archives exhibition?
What month is being celebrated in February 2025?
What is the date of the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series event?
What time is the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series event?
What is the location of the Carnegie Music Hall?
What is the name of the event featuring student composers?
When is the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
What is the event celebrating 40 years of at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
What is the purpose of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the university that founded the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the month that is being celebrated in March 2025?
What is the name of the observance that starts on March 5, 2025?
When was the Architecture Archives founded?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit showcasing life on campus in the 1980s?
What month is National Disability Employment Awareness Month?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
What is the name of the artist who created the watercolor on paper of Arisaema ringens?
What is the name of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition?
What is the location of the Research Data Management event?
What is the name of the upcoming event in the Hilliard Family Speaker Series on Behavioral Economics?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity at CMU?
What is the location of the Invisible Fight: Chronic Illness Support Group?
What is the name of the monthly reflective space to make connections with self and others?
What is the location of the LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group?
What is the time of the Data Visualization in R event?
When does Spring Break take place?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the dynamic city being told through the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the holiday being celebrated on March 14, 2025?
What is the name of the festival being celebrated on March 14, 2025?
When does Summer 2025 Registration Opens?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the university where the Architecture Archives is located?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the holiday celebrated on March 17?
What is the name of the holiday celebrated on March 20?
What is the name of the holiday celebrated on March 21?
What is the name of the concert hall hosting the CMU Chorus & Singers on March 20?
When does the exhibition "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" start?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the location of the exhibition?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the sport being played on March 28?
What is the name of the month being celebrated on March 24?
When does International Transgender Day of Visibility occur?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When does the semester pass/no pass & withdrawal deadline occur?
What is the location of the Kresge Theatre?
What is the name of the Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series event?
When does National Arab American Heritage Month occur?
What is the name of the spring carnival event?
When does the event "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" start?
What is the event "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" celebrating?
Where is the event "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" held?
What is the event "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" about?
What is the event "Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir" held at?
What is the time of the event "Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir"?
Where is the event "Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble" held?
What is the time of the event "Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble"?
What is the event "Theravada New Year" celebrating?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years of the Architecture Archives?
When is the event Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
Where is the event Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
What time is the event Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir?
What event is being celebrated at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition?
What is the location of the Architecture Archives exhibition?
What is the name of the holiday observed on April 16, 2025?
What is the name of the holiday observed on April 20, 2025?
What is the name of the holiday observed on April 24, 2025?
What is the name of the month being celebrated on April 16-25, 2025?
What is the name of the sport event on April 25, 2025?
What is the name of the university team participating in the softball event?
What month is National Arab American Heritage Month celebrated in?
What event is celebrated at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibition at the University Libraries?
What is the name of the library where the exhibition is held?
What is the name of the team playing against Carnegie Mellon in softball?
What is the date of the CMU Philharmonic concert?
What is the name of the venue for the CMU Philharmonic concert?
What is the name of the month celebrated on April 24?
What is the date of the Final Examinations?
What is the name of the month celebrated on April 30?
What is the name of the month celebrated on May 1?
What is the name of the month celebrated on May 2?
What is the name of the month celebrated on April 27?
What is the name of the month celebrated on April 24?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What type of heritage month is being celebrated from May 2 to May 12?
Where is the exhibition "Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" located?
When does the semester & mini-4 faculty course evaluations close?
When are the graduating students' final grades due?
What type of heritage is being celebrated from May 2 to May 12?
What type of examination is being held on May 5?
When is All Day Jewish American Heritage Sunday?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
Where is the exhibition located?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
When do Summer Session All, One & Mini-5 Classes Begin?
What is the deadline for Summer One & Mini-5 add, audit, & tuition adjustment drop?
When are Spring Deans' Lists Posted?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the month being celebrated as Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month?
What is the name of the building where the exhibition is held?
Which floor of Hunt Library is hosting the exhibition?
What is the date of Memorial Day?
What is the deadline for Summer One & Mini-5 course drop?
What is the date of the Declaration of the Bab?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit about CMU in the 1980s?
What month is being celebrated as National Disability Employment Awareness Month?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
When is the exhibition "Your Vote, Your Future" taking place?
What is the name of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition?
What is the name of the artist who created the artwork "Arisaema ringens, inflorescence, unfertilized fruits and foliage"?
What is the scale of the artwork "Arisaema ringens, inflorescence, unfertilized fruits and foliage"?
When is the exhibition "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" taking place?
What is the location of the exhibition "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration"?
What is the name of the event "Data Visualization in R"?
What is the time of the event "Data Visualization in R"?
What is the name of the event "Introduction to Neurodiversity and Neuroinclusive Learning"?
What is the location of the event "Introduction to Neurodiversity and Neuroinclusive Learning"?
What is the name of the event "How Is Data?"?
What is the location of the event "How Is Data?"?
When does the All Day Jewish American Heritage month start?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
On what day does the Summer One & Mini-5 Faculty Course Evaluations open?
What is the last day of classes for Summer One & Mini-5?
What is the date of Juneteenth in 2025?
On what day do the Summer Two & Mini-6 Final Grades Due?
What is the Independence Day in 2025?
On what day do the Summer Two & Mini-6 Faculty Course Evaluations open?
What is the last day of classes for Summer All, Two & Mini-6?
On what day do the Summer All, Two & Mini-6 Final Grades Due?
When is the Pause to Relax: Pet Therapy program held?
What is the exhibition title at the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation?
Who is the CEO and co-founder of CorePower Magnetics?
What is the name of the Hilliard Family Speaker Series on Behavioral Economics event?
What is the CMU Pantry open for?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the University Libraries' exhibit about life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
When is the Shemini Atzeret and Simchat Torah celebration?
What is the name of the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition?
Who is the artist of the watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood?
What is the name of the workshop that helps draft a roadmap for a prospective new open access journal?
Who is giving the lecture on surviving the Holocaust in Belarus?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
What is the name of the conversation with Dr. Nadia Brown on Black Women's Politics?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating 40 years at the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit on life on campus in the 1980s?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
What is the name of the exhibition that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement?
On what day is the "Your Vote, Your Future" exhibition held?
At what time is the "Your Vote, Your Future" exhibition held?
Who is holding office hours for all faculty, staff, and students?
What is the name of the exhibition that celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
Where is the "Here to Stay: Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives" exhibition held?
What is the name of the exhibition that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago?
Where is the "Like, Totally Transformative: CMU in the 1980s" exhibition held?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents?
Where is the CMU Pantry located?
What is the topic of the session that examines recent evidence of nation-state interference in U.S. elections?
Where is the session "Cyber-enabled Nation-State Influence Operations: Are Russia, China, and Iran Interfering in the U.S. Election?" held?
What is the name of the PhD Student Support Group?
Where is the PhD Student Support Group held?
When is the Deeper Conversations Lecture: Cyber-enabled Nation-State Influence Operations?
Where is the PhD Student Support Group held?
What is the name of the exhibition created by the School of Design's third-year communication design students?
When does the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration end?
What is the name of the tool for data cleaning?
Where is the Donuts & Democracy event held?
What is the name of the seminar series that enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship?
What is the name of the free resource that combats food insecurity?
When does the Invisible Fight: Chronic Illness Support Group meet?
Who is the speaker of the session examining the Great Replacement Theory?
Who is the registered dietitian for the Eating for Energy Workshop?
Where is the LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group held?
What is the name of the event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting?
What is the name of the exhibition celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives?
What is the name of the exhibit that is a portal to the past, a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago?
What is the name of the theater where the musical "Evil Dead the Musical" will be performed from September 27 to October 26, 2024?
What is the name of the musical that will be performed at the Byham Theater from November 7 to 10, 2024?
What is the name of the theater where the musical "A Lyrical Christmas Carol" will be performed from December 18 to 22, 2024?
What is the name of the program offered by Pittsburgh Musical Theater for students aged 13-18?
What is the age range for the Creative Learning program offered by Pittsburgh Musical Theater?
What is the name of the theater where the musical "Waitress" will be performed from May 1 to 25, 2025?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Musical Theater is a part of, as indicated by its United Way campaign designation?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Musical Theater?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Musical Theater?
What is the name of the season sponsor of Pittsburgh Musical Theater's 24/25 season?
What is the name of the concert series by Chamber Music Pittsburgh?
Where is the PNC Theatre located?
What are the parking options near the PNC Theatre?
How much does a subscription cost for Tier 1?
What is the discount for single ticket prices with a subscription?
How much are single tickets for Tier 1?
Will Chamber Music Pittsburgh offer digital recordings of concerts this season?
How can I buy a subscription or a single ticket?
What is the COVID-19 policy at Chamber Music Pittsburgh?
When is the concert by the Escher Quartet with Jordan Bak?
Who is performing at the concert by Tommy Mesa and Michelle Cann?
When is the concert by Les Délices with Nicholas Phan?
When will the Escher Quartet perform with Jordan Bak?
What is the name of the string quintet by Johannes Brahms?
Who is the cellist pairing his charismatic style with Michelle Cann?
What is the name of the piece by Viet Cuong?
When will Les Délices perform with Nicholas Phan?
What is the name of the program by PUBLIQuartet?
When will the Dover Quartet perform?
Who is the composer of the piece Strum?
When will PUBLIQuartet perform?
What is the name of the piece by Pura Fé?
What is the date of Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
What is the year of Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
Who is the founder of Make Music Day?
What is the location of the global Make Music Day celebration?
What is the name of the organization that hosts Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
What is the goal of Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
What is the number of neighborhoods involved in Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the community music school that is participating in Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the instrument petting zoo event?
What is the name of the organization that is hosting the instrument donation drive?
What is the name of the event that celebrates music on June 22nd?
What is the location of the event Slippery Rock, PA?
What is the name of the venue that is hosting the event?
How many artists are participating in Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
How many venues are participating in Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
When is the event on June 22nd located at Slippery Rock University Room G9?
What is the location of the event on June 22nd?
What is the city where the event is taking place on June 22nd?
What is the name of the business that is the newest supporter of Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
How many meals can the Food Bank provide for every $1 donated?
What is the name of the global song swap for Make Music Day?
What is the name of the prize bundle that two lucky #MySongIsYourSong participants will receive?
What is the deadline to post a video of a song cover on Instagram or YouTube for the #MySongIsYourSong contest?
What is the name of the monument lighting event in Pittsburgh?
Who are the sponsors of Make Music Day Pittsburgh?
When is the registration closed for the # MySongIsYourSong event?
What is the deadline to send the link to catherine @ makemusicday.org for the # MySongIsYourSong event?
Who will receive prizes from Focusrite/Novation and Flight Ukulele for the # MySongIsYourSong event?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh building that lit up orange in support of Make Music Globally in 2023?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh tower that lit up orange in support of Make Music Globally in 2023?
Who is the President/Director of Make Music Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Make Music Alliance that Make Music Pittsburgh is part of?
What is the year Make Music Pittsburgh started?
How many participants will be selected at random to receive the prize bundles for the # MySongIsYourSong event?
What is the hashtag to join the conversation on YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra founded?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1895?
Who composed the tone poem "Hero and Leander op. 33"?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1904 to 1910?
When did the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra disband?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphonic Orchestra in 1930?
Who is the current music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who resigned as orchestra manager in 1906?
What was the name of the orchestra founded by May Beegle?
Who became conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphonic Orchestra in 1930?
What was the name of the program to restore the symphony to its "golden years"?
Who was responsible for bringing in much new talent while working with the Musicians' Union?
Who was music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1938 to 1948?
How many women joined the orchestra in 1942?
Who came to Pittsburgh in 1948 to conduct the orchestra?
Who became the orchestra's music director in 1952?
What was the name of the label that the Pittsburgh Symphony made several recordings for starting in 1962?
Who succeeded Steinberg as music director in 1976?
Who served as an affiliate conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1978 to 1980?
When did the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Previn make their national debut on PBS?
How many specials did the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Previn make for their national debut on PBS?
When was the Guest Conductor Chair in Victor De Sabata's name established?
Where was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing during the State Department tour?
When was the Syria Mosque torn down?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1976.
What was the name of the chamber music trio formed by André Previn.
Who was the first woman to earn a doctoral degree in orchestral conducting from the Juilliard School.
What was the name of the Emmy-nominated program featuring André Previn and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1988 to 1996.
What was the title of the program that Marvin Hamlisch served as principal pops conductor.
Who was appointed as the eighth music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1996.
What was the name of the capital campaign launched in 1993 to increase the Pittsburgh Symphony's endowment.
What was the amount of the increase in the Pittsburgh Symphony's endowment.
Who served as the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2003 to 2004.
Who conducted the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in a program that included the world premiere of "Abraham".
What was the name of the sacred motet by John Harbison that had its world premiere.
What was the name of the series of concerts founded by Gilbert Levine.
Who served as the PSO artistic advisor from 2005 to 2006.
Who served as the principal guest conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2005 to 2006.
Who served as the endowed guest conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2005 to 2006.
Who is the music director of the Lyric Opera of Chicago?
What year did Sir Andrew Davis serve as the PSO artistic advisor?
Who holds the Otto Klemperer Guest Conductor Chair with the PSO?
Who was appointed as the principal guest conductor for the 2008–2009 season?
What was the amount of money pledged by the Richard P. Simmons family to the PSO?
What was the amount of the capital fund-raising drive launched by the PSO?
What year did the PSO announce the discontinuation of its chamber orchestra series?
How many positions were reduced by the PSO in 2009?
How many seasons was Manfred Honeck's initial contract for?
What year did the PSO announce the extension of Honeck's contract to the 2015–2016 season?
What year did the PSO announce the further extension of Honeck's contract through the 2019–2020 season?
What year did the PSO announce the further extension of Honeck's contract through the 2021–2022 season?
What year did the PSO announce the newest extension of Honeck's contract as music director through the 2027–2028 season?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1898–1904?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1938–1948?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1976–1984?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1984–1996?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Radio program launched?
Who hosted the Pittsburgh Symphony Radio program?
What was the name of the company that sponsored the Pittsburgh Symphony's first broadcast in 1936?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony at the time of the Heinz Hall reconstruction?
What was the name of the first concert held at the newly reconstructed Heinz Hall in 1971?
Who was the architect behind the 1995 renovation of Heinz Hall?
What was the total cost of the 1995 renovation of Heinz Hall?
Who funded the 1995 renovation of Heinz Hall?
Who conducted the Pittsburgh Symphony's performance of Berlioz, Beethoven, and Brahms in 1969?
How many additional seats were sold by the Pittsburgh Symphony within two days of the first show airing in 1977?
Who wrote "Victor Herbert: Romantic idealist"?
What is the title of the article by Edward N. Waters?
In what year was the article "Victor Herbert: Romantic idealist" published?
What is the name of the magazine where the article "Victor Herbert: Romantic idealist" was published?
What is the name of the orchestra led by Antonio Modarelli?
Who was the leader of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1904?
What is the title of the book by Hax McCullough and Mary Brignano?
In what year was the book "Play On" published?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1950?
How many performances did the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra complete in 51 cities?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1981 to 1996?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1996 to 2002?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2002 to 2004?
Who conducted the concert "Pope in Peace Concert" in 2004?
Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2004 to 2011?
Who is the conductor that Lorin Maazel replaced?
What is the name of the concert that Lorin Maazel hosted with the Pope?
Who is the new music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra announced in 2007?
When did Manfred Honeck extend his contract as music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the book that mentions the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who are the authors of the book "Play On"?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's chamber orchestra forced to end?
Who is the conductor that backed out of PSO concerts in 2007?
When did Manfred Honeck agree to a contract extension with the PSO?
When did the PSO extend Manfred Honeck's contract and elect a new board chair?
What is the name of the press release announcing Manfred Honeck's contract extension?
Who is the guest conductor eager to reprise his role as symphony leader in 2003?
When did the PSO announce its new music director, Manfred Honeck?
What is the name of the concert series that aims to memorialize 'Music for the Spirit'?
Who is the conductor that Lorin Maazel led the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra under?
When did Lorin Maazel lead the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra reestablished in 1926?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1976 to 1984?
What is the name of the magazine that published an article about The Penn Theatre in March 1970?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1938 to 1952?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1952 to 1976?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 2008?
Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra from 1984 to 1997?
Who is the author of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's official website?
What is the name of the official website of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Where can one buy tickets for events?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh site for buying tickets?
What is the name of the organization that hosts the events?
When is the Speakers Series: Liz Cheney event?
What time is the Speakers Series: Liz Cheney event?
Where is the Speakers Series: Liz Cheney event held?
When is the Ravel’s Piano Concerto event?
What time is the Ravel’s Piano Concerto event?
Where is the Ravel’s Piano Concerto event held?
When is the PSO360: Tom Borrow, piano event?
What time is the PSO360: Tom Borrow, piano event?
Where is the PSO360: Tom Borrow, piano event held?
What is the name of the musical composition performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on November 1?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs?
What is the time of the event on November 1?
What is the date of the event on November 2?
What is the time of the event on November 9?
What is the name of the musical composition performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on November 9?
What is the name of the speaker at the Speakers Series event on November 13?
What is the name of the musical composition performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on November 15?
What is the time of the event on November 15?
When is the event "Beethoven and Brahms" on April 13, 2025?
Where is the event "Beethoven and Brahms" held on April 13, 2025?
Who is the presenter of the event "Beethoven and Brahms"?
What is the date of the event "Beethoven and Brahms" on April 25, 2025?
At what time is the event "Beethoven and Brahms" on April 25, 2025?
Who is the presenter of the event "Clouds in my Coffee: Music of Joni Mitchell, Carole King & Carly Simon"?
What is the date of the event "Clouds in my Coffee: Music of Joni Mitchell, Carole King & Carly Simon" on May 9, 2025?
At what time is the event "Clouds in my Coffee: Music of Joni Mitchell, Carole King & Carly Simon" on May 9, 2025?
What is the date of the event "Bronfman Plays Beethoven" on May 16, 2025?
At what time is the event "Bronfman Plays Beethoven" on May 16, 2025?
When does the Brahms' Fourth Symphony performance take place on Sunday, May 18, 2025?
At what venue is the Brahms' Fourth Symphony performance held on Sunday, May 18, 2025?
What is the date of the Brahms' Fourth Symphony performance on Friday, May 30, 2025?
At what time does the Brahms' Fourth Symphony performance take place on Friday, May 30, 2025?
Who is the presenter of the Yo-Yo Ma performance on Wednesday, June 4, 2025?
What is the date of the Yo-Yo Ma performance on Wednesday, June 4, 2025?
At what venue is the Yo-Yo Ma performance held on Wednesday, June 4, 2025?
What is the date of the Beethoven and Mahler performance on Friday, June 6, 2025?
What is the date of the performance of "Rana Plays Mendelssohn" at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the performance of "Rana Plays Mendelssohn" at Heinz Hall?
What is the date of the performance of "Rana Plays Mendelssohn" at Heinz Hall on the next day?
What is the time of the performance of "Kings of Soul" at Heinz Hall?
What is the date of the performance of "Kings of Soul" at Heinz Hall on June 20?
What is the date of the performance of "Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the performance of "Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" at Heinz Hall?
What is the presenter of the performances of "Rana Plays Mendelssohn", "Kings of Soul", and "Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring"?
What is the name of the venue where the performances take place?
When is the event "PSO Disrupt: Walk on the Wild Side" at Heinz Hall?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's production on Sun, Nov 17, 2024?
When is the event "Home Alone" at Heinz Hall?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's production on Sun, Nov 24, 2024?
When is the event "Strauss and Puccini" at Heinz Hall?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's production on Sun, Dec 01, 2024?
When is the event "Sparks Fly, Voices Soar: Brahms and Fauré" at Heinz Hall?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's production on Sat, Dec 07, 2024?
Where are all the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's productions taking place?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's event on December 8, 2024?
What is the presenter of the event on December 8, 2024?
What is the venue of the event on December 8, 2024?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's event on December 10, 2024?
What is the presenter of the event on December 10, 2024?
What is the venue of the event on December 10, 2024?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's event on December 13, 2024?
What is the presenter of the event on December 13, 2024?
What is the venue of the event on December 13, 2024?
What is the title of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's event on December 17, 2024?
What is the date of the Highmark Holiday Pops event on Friday?
At what time is the Highmark Holiday Pops event on Friday?
What is the venue of the Highmark Holiday Pops event on Friday?
Who is the presenter of the Highmark Holiday Pops event?
What is the date of the Highmark Holiday Pops event on Saturday?
At what time is the Highmark Holiday Pops event on Saturday?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on December 28?
What is the date of the Debussy’s La Mer event?
At what time is the Jim Jefferies event?
What is the name of the Rachmaninoff composition performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
On what date is the performance of Rachmaninoff's Rhapsody at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the performance of Rachmaninoff's Rhapsody at Heinz Hall on Fri, Jan 17, 2025?
What is the name of the One Piece performance by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
On what date is the performance of One Piece at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the speaker in the Speakers Series: Oren Etzioni?
On what date is the performance of Shostakovich's Final Symphony at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the Star Wars episode performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
On what date is the performance of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope at Heinz Hall?
When will the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope?
Where will the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope?
When will the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Dvorák's New World?
Where will the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Dvorák's New World?
Who will speak at the Speakers Series on February 19, 2025?
When will Ax Plays Mozart take place?
Where will Ax Plays Mozart take place?
When will Fiddlesticks: The Sounds of Invention take place?
Where will Fiddlesticks: The Sounds of Invention take place?
What is the date of the performance of Speakers Series: Adm. James Stavridis?
When is Sal Vulcano performing at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the Sal Vulcano performance?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on Sun, Feb 23, 2025?
What is the time of the Ax Plays Mozart performance?
How many performances of Pixar in Concert are scheduled at Heinz Hall in 2025?
What is the time of the Pixar in Concert performance on Fri, Feb 28, 2025?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on Fri, Mar 07, 2025?
What is the time of the Lisiecki Performs Mozart performance on Fri, Mar 07, 2025?
Who is the presenter of the PSO Disrupt: Hope and Resistance event?
When does the event "Lift Every Voice" take place?
At what time does the event "Lift Every Voice" take place?
Where does the event "Lift Every Voice" take place?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on Wed, Mar 19, 2025?
At what time does the event "Lang Lang with the PSO" take place?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on Fri, Mar 21, 2025?
What type of performance is "PSO360: Sheku Kanneh-Mason, cello"?
Who is the presenter of the event "Speakers Series: Chris Wallace"?
What is the title of the performance on Fri, Mar 28, 2025?
When is the event "Total Eclipse of the Chart: Music of the 80s" held at Heinz Hall in 2025?
What is the time of the event "Fiddlesticks: Imagine That!" at Heinz Hall on April 5, 2025?
Who is the presenter of the event "Speakers Series: Andrew Lloyd Webber" at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the conductor in the event "Gerstein Plays Tchaikovsky"?
What is the time of the event "PSO Disrupt: Lovestruck" at Heinz Hall on April 12, 2025?
What is the name of the event at Heinz Hall on April 9, 2025?
What is the time of the event "Gerstein Plays Tchaikovsky" at Heinz Hall?
What is the venue of all events listed?
Who is the President & CEO of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What year was Melia P. Tourangeau appointed President & CEO of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
In what year was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's Music Director, Manfred Honeck, awarded the GRAMMY Award for Best Orchestral Performance?
What is the location of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's office?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's box office?
What is the email address to join the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's email list?
What is the degree that Melia P. Tourangeau received from Oberlin College Conservatory of Music?
What is the university that Melia P. Tourangeau received a master's degree in public administration with an emphasis on nonprofit leadership?
When is Black History Month celebrated in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the cinema in the park series in Pittsburgh?
How many markets are there in the Pittsburgh Farmers Market?
What is the name of the 5K footrace in Brookline?
What is the name of the annual gingerbread competition in Pittsburgh?
When is the Piston in the Park event held in 2024?
What is the name of the footrace for children in Pittsburgh?
How many times has the Great Race been held in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the line dancing event in Pittsburgh?
When is the registration deadline for the 22nd Annual Gingerbread Competition?
When is the 22nd Annual Gingerbread Competition registration deadline?
What is the date of the 2024 Great Race?
What is the date of the Pistons in the Park event?
What is the date of the Dollar Bank Junior Great Race?
What is the name of the office responsible for film and event management?
What is the name of the park where the Riverview Park 5K Run & Fitness Walk takes place?
What is the name of the event where you can register for a picnic shelter or park facility?
What is the launch date of the new City of Pittsburgh website?
Who is the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the duration of Manfred Honeck's contract with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the festival where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra will be the only American orchestra?
What is the name of the recording label documenting Manfred Honeck's work in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the recent recording released in July 2024?
Where was Manfred Honeck born?
What is the name of the orchestra where Manfred Honeck was a member of the viola section?
What is the name of the prize Manfred Honeck was awarded in 1993?
What is the name of the opera Manfred Honeck conducted a new staging of in 2020?
What is the name of the festival where Manfred Honeck made his debut in 2022?
What is the name of the arrangement Manfred Honeck premiered by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 2023?
What is the name of the series of symphonic suites designed by Manfred Honeck?
What is the name of the orchestra Manfred Honeck has worked with as a guest conductor?
What is the name of the project Manfred Honeck will be Artistic Director of in 2024-2025?
Who is the conductor mentioned in the document?
Which orchestras has Manfred Honeck conducted in the United States?
What is the title of the special projects Manfred Honeck will conduct in Pittsburgh?
Which composer will Manfred Honeck focus on in 2024?
What is the title given to Manfred Honeck by the Austrian Federal President?
What award was Manfred Honeck given by the International Classical Music Awards in 2018?
Where is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra located?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's box office?
What is the email address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who is the current music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the chair held by David McCarroll?
What is the name of the chair held by Anne Martindale Williams?
What is the name of the chair held by William Caballero?
What is the name of the chair held by Craig Knox?
What is the name of the chair held by James Benoit?
What are the hours of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's ticket office on weekdays?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra box office?
What time does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office open on weekdays?
What time does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office close on weekdays with performances?
What time does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office open on Saturdays?
What is the age range for the Fiddlesticks Family Concerts?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's facility?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's program for children?
What is the name of the guest vocalist in Fiddlesticks?
What is the starting time for pre-concert activities at Heinz Hall?
What is the recommended age range for Fiddlesticks concerts?
How many Fiddlesticks concerts are bundled for subscription?
What is the date of the first Fiddlesticks concert?
What is the name of the sponsor of Fiddlesticks Concerts?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What are the available accommodations for guests with special needs at Fiddlesticks concerts?
What is the contact number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's ticket office?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's educational program for schools?
What is the name of the building where the Schooltime concerts take place?
Who is the author of the book "Danbi Leads the School Parade"?
What is the name of the program that celebrates the aspirations of Americans across time?
What is the name of the Associate Conductor leading the orchestra in the program "Danbi Leads the School Parade"?
What is the name of the program that features repertoire by American composers and highlights what makes the American orchestra different?
What is the name of the bookstore partnering with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra to make signed copies of the featured Schooltime book available to educators?
What is the date of the Schooltime concert featuring Peter Boyer's Ellis Island: The Dream of America?
What is the date of the Schooltime concert celebrating inventions made in the USA?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's box office?
What is the time limit for completing an order?
What is the name of the program that brings the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra to classrooms?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's Associate Conductor?
What is the name of the Principal Pops Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's office?
What is the location of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the contact number of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the business hour of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office on weekdays with performances?
What is the business hour of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office on weekdays without performances?
What is the business hour of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office on Saturdays?
What is the business hour of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ticket office on Sundays?
Who is the Principal Pops Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the choir led by Nikki Porter in the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the copyright year of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
When does the exclusive discount offer for PSO subscribers start?
What is the duration of the exclusive discount offer for PSO subscribers?
What is the address of Fl. 2 @ Fairmont Pittsburgh?
What is the exclusive discount offer at Fl. 2 @ Fairmont Pittsburgh for PSO subscribers?
What is the address of Braddock’s Rebellion?
What is the exclusive discount offer at Braddock’s Rebellion for PSO subscribers?
What is the address of Talia?
When does Iron Maiden perform at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the tour by for KING + COUNTRY?
Who performs at Petersen Events Center on October 18?
What is the name of the venue where Godsmack performs on October 23?
Who performs at Stage AE on December 07?
What is the name of the tour by Pentatonix?
Who performs at Petersen Events Center on October 26?
Who performs at PPG Paints Arena on December 14?
What is the name of the venue where Dropkick Murphys perform on October 26?
Who performs at PPG Paints Arena on November 01?
Who performs at Roxian Theatre on October 15?
Who performs at PPG Paints Arena on November 10?
Who performs at Carnegie Library of Homestead on November 02?
Who performs at Petersen Events Center on May 20, 2025?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the purpose of functional cookies?
What is the purpose of targeting cookies?
What is the fee of the event that monitors the performance of the site?
What type of cookies do not store directly personal information?
What is the purpose of cookies that collect information about site visits and traffic sources?
What is the purpose of cookies that may be set by third-party providers?
What is the capacity of the main theatre at Mr. Smalls?
What is the capacity of the Roxian Theatre?
What is the seating capacity of the Club Cafe?
What is the capacity of the Music Hall venue at Thunderbird Café and Music Hall?
What is the name of the venue that is a former Catholic church?
What is the name of the venue that is a repurposed skatepark-turned-music-venue?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Roxian Theatre is located?
What is the name of the venue that has a Front Porch Stage?
What is the typical cost of tickets at the Club Cafe?
When does Thunderbird Café and Music Hall have a Bluegrass Night?
What is the capacity of the 380 venue at Thunderbird Café and Music Hall?
What type of seating is available for shows in the larger Music Hall venue at Thunderbird Café and Music Hall?
What type of food options are available at Spirit?
What is the name of the mural covering the space at Spirit?
What type of wine does the author particularly like at City Winery?
What option can you select when ordering tickets at City Winery?
What is the seating capacity of Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall?
What type of seats can get a little uncomfortable at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall?
What type of music can be found at The Mr. Roboto Project?
What is the name of the venue that hosts various bands and encourages attendees to let their freak flag fly?
What is the name of the record shop that also hosts concerts and has a huge selection of vinyl?
What is the name of the music venue that has a unique ambiance and is located in Lawrenceville?
What is the name of the monthly dance party held at Brillobox?
What is the name of the coffee shop inside Government Center?
What is the name of the bar that was made from the bones of the Allentown bar and has original wood paneling?
What is the name of the karaoke bar at Tequila Cowboy?
What is the name of the venue that has been cranking up the volume for decades in Blawnox?
What is the name of the church that was turned into a music venue?
What is the name of the new upscale music venue in East Liberty?
What is the name of the venue that opened back up to live music in 2023?
What is the name of the music venue in Polish Hill with graffiti and stickers covering every square inch?
What is the name of the venue that hosts jazz night, live band karaoke, and reggae nights?
What is the name of the venue that hosts a monthly jazz night?
What is the name of the venue that has an intricate rose window on the outside?
What is the name of the venue that has a mural-covered Grotto?
When did 222 Ormsby open back up to live music?
Where is The Bridge Music Bar located?
What type of music is typically played at Pittsburgh Punk Rock's Rock Room?
What is the name of the venue that was initially Whisper Nest?
What is the name of the dumpling served at Crafthouse?
What is the capacity of the stage at Crafthouse?
What is the name of the jazz venue in the Hill District?
What is the name of the venue that hosts MCG Jazz?
Where is Enclave located?
What is the name of the venue that is a three-in-one venue, plus a record store?
What is the name of the jazz venue in the Hill District that is now closed?
What is the name of the jazz venue that keeps the heritage of the Hill District alive?
How many seats does MCG Jazz have?
How many GRAMMY awards have albums produced at MCG Jazz won?
What is the name of the night club in the South Side that goes all out as a performance venue?
What type of performances does Enclave typically host?
What is the name of the music venue located under the tasting room of The Original Pittsburgh Winery?
What is the name of the movie theatre that has evolved into a live music space?
In what year did The Oaks Theater open?
What is the capacity of the Squirrel Hill Sports Bar venue?
What type of performances does The Crafty Jackalope typically host?
What type of performances does Cobra typically host?
What is the name of the system used by Cobra for its sound system?
What is the name of the theater that makes a mark with innovative workshops, classes, and performances?
What is the name of the venue located beneath the oldest standing gay bar in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the venue that is considered the most perfect mid-size venue in Pittsburgh?
What is the capacity of Stage AE?
When was the UPMC Events Center opened?
How many seats does the UPMC Events Center have?
Is parking free at the UPMC Events Center?
What is the name of the venue that hosts dueling piano bar?
Where is the Hard Rock Cafe located?
What is the name of the lighting feature at Rivers Casino's Drum Bar?
What is the seating capacity of the August Wilson Cultural Center?
What is the name of the music series at the August Wilson Cultural Center?
What is the seating capacity of Heinz Hall?
What is the seating capacity of The Benedum Center?
What is the seating capacity of The Byham?
What is the seating capacity of PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the newly renovated theater in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the music act that always puts on a spectacle at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the type of sound system at PPG Paints Arena?
Who is the author of the blog?
What is the name of the venue that can seat 15-20k people?
Who set the record at Acrisure Stadium in 2023?
What is the name of the music festival that returns July 12-14, 2024?
Who said "Let's Go Girls!"?
What is the name of the recording studio mentioned in the blog?
What is the name of the sports team that plays at Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the venue that can seat 9,000+ people?
What is the name of the music venue that has a newly renovated Greer Cabaret Theater?
Who is the performer mentioned in the blog that is often seen at Stage AE?
When is the Northside Music Festival happening?
What is the name of the hip-hop artist that left an indelible mark in Pittsburgh?
Where is the Northside Music Festival located?
What is the name of the country concert itinerary?
Who is the author of the article?
What is the name of the winery on Penn Avenue?
What is the address of The Original Pittsburgh Winery?
What is the address of City Winery?
What is the name of the theater on Penn Avenue?
What is the address of Kelly Strayhorn Theater?
What is the name of the events center at Robert Morris University?
What is the address of UPMC Events Center?
What is the name of the venue on North Shore Drive?
What is the address of Stage AE?
What is the name of the arena on Fifth Avenue?
What is the address of PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the bar on Seventh Street?
When was Pittsburgh Opera established?
What is the location of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters?
Who was the first director of Pittsburgh Opera?
How long did Richard Karp serve as director?
Who became general director of Pittsburgh Opera in 1999?
What was the increase in Pittsburgh Opera's endowment during Mark Weinstein's tenure?
How many productions did Pittsburgh Opera have during the 2001-2002 season?
What was the title of Pittsburgh Opera's first world premiere?
What is the name of the singer who sang the highest note ever recorded in the Metropolitan Opera's 130-year history?
What is the year the building of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters was built?
When was Pittsburgh Opera established?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's main performance venue?
Who is the current General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who was the first director of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the current Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera company's headquarters building?
What is the LEED certification level of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters?
In what year did Pittsburgh Opera produce its first world premiere?
Who sang the highest note ever recorded in the Metropolitan Opera's 130-year history?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the location of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters?
What is the name of the building that Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters is located in?
What is the year the building was built?
What is the size of the renovated building?
What is the certification level of the building's renovation?
Who was the music director of Pittsburgh Opera from 2000 to 2006?
What is the role that Antony Walker sang in a performance of Verdi's Aïda in 2008?
What is the highest note ever recorded in the Metropolitan Opera's 130-year history?
When was the Pittsburgh Opera established?
What is the name of a Pittsburgh neighborhood mentioned in the document?
What event is mentioned in the document that takes place in Pittsburgh?
What is a nickname for people from Pittsburgh mentioned in the document?
What type of institution is mentioned in the document that is located in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of a Pittsburgh landmark mentioned in the document?
When was the document last edited?
When is Move-In Day for Pittsburgh college students?
Which neighborhoods have international fare options?
What is the name of the Japanese restaurant in Squirrel Hill?
What is the name of the Sichuan restaurant in Shadyside?
What is the name of the popular sandwich shop in Market Square?
What is the name of the pizza place worth a drive?
What is the name of the park at the point where three rivers meet?
What is the name of the museum complex on Forbes Avenue?
What is the name of the dinosaur at Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History?
What is the name of the park with scenic trails and a soccer field?
What is the name of the botanical garden in Oakland?
Which universities have their campuses in Oakland?
Which universities have their campuses in Shadyside?
Which neighborhoods have breakfast spots for crepes and hash?
Which universities have their campuses in Downtown?
What is the name of the largest collection of dinosaurs in the document?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh celebrity dinosaur?
What is the name of the botanical hub in Oakland?
What are the names of the two joint neighborhoods located Downtown along the Allegheny River?
What is the name of the museum located in Lawrenceville?
What are the names of the two inclines in Pittsburgh?
What are the names of the colleges with move-in dates mentioned in the document?
When do new students move in?
When do returning students move in?
Who is the author of the article?
What is the name of the savings pass designed exclusively for Pittsburgh-area college students and their families?
What is the name of the festival that takes place on Labor Day Weekend in 2024?
What is the name of the foodie guide written by a college student?
What is the name of the sports event that will continue to live up to the hype in 2024?
What is the name of the neighborhood that has a Pittsburgh Dining Guide?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
When will Tosca be performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where Tosca will be performed?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the mobile app developed by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the organization that offers matching gift program?
When does Tosca take place at Benedum Center?
What is the name of the Resident Artist Alumni?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is a member of?
What is the rating given by Charity Navigator?
What is the highest rating given by Guidestar?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during La Traviata matinee?
What is the name of the person who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera’s Laffont Competition?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is a constituent of?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the person who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's upcoming event?
Where is the event "Tosca" taking place?
What is the duration of the event "Tosca"?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's auto-suggest feature?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's program for diversity, equity, and accessibility?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's classic, most thrilling production?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's fundraising campaign?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's education program for adults?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's program for students?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's facility for production?
When does the event "Tosca" take place?
Who is the current leader of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Resident Artist Program expanded by Christopher Hahn?
Where is the Bitz Opera Factory located?
Who is the current Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
When was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
Who are the Founding Five of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the company that Pittsburgh Opera is a part of?
How many opera companies is Pittsburgh Opera in the United States?
When was Antony Walker's contract extended?
When was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
Who founded Pittsburgh Opera?
What was the name of the first production?
Who led Pittsburgh Opera for nearly 40 years?
When did Pittsburgh Opera move to Heinz Hall?
Who became Pittsburgh Opera's General Director in 1983?
Who became Pittsburgh Opera's General Director in 1997?
What did Mark Weinstein initiate?
When did Pittsburgh Opera move to its current home?
What certification did Pittsburgh Opera obtain in 2011?
How many students, families, and educators participate in Pittsburgh Opera's educational events annually?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the current Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
When was Antony Walker appointed?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center from October 5-13?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the factory where Pittsburgh Opera holds events?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
Who is the General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the society that supports Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers a piano sale?
What is the name of the new Guard of Pittsburgh Opera?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension?
Who is being celebrated by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is being offered by Pittsburgh Opera during La Traviata matinee?
What is the title of Pittsburgh Opera's 86th Season?
What program does Pittsburgh Opera announce?
Who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the competition won by Emily Richter?
What is the name of the Resident Artist class for the 2024-25 Season?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
When is the opera "Tosca" being performed at the Benedum Center?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during opera performances?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Resident Artists' program at Pittsburgh Opera?
When is the 2024 Piano Sale being held?
Who is the President of the Board of Directors of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is a part of?
What is the name of the campaign that Pittsburgh Opera is a part of?
When does Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale take place?
When does Pittsburgh Opera's sale take place?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension?
What does Pittsburgh Opera celebrate in 2023?
What is offered by Pittsburgh Opera during La Traviata matinee?
What is the name of the season announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
What program is announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
When does Pittsburgh Opera present two modern operas?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the name of the competition won by Emily Richter?
Who are some of the guest and resident faculty of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the city where Pittsburgh Opera is located?
What is the state where Pittsburgh Opera is located?
When does the opera "Tosca" take place?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the facility where Pittsburgh Opera holds events?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during opera events?
What is the name of the organization that provides rideshare vouchers for opera events?
What is the name of the piano sale event hosted by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers discounted tickets for students?
When will Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale be held?
Who received a 5-year contract extension as Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What event will Pittsburgh Opera offer free childcare during?
What is the name of the new Board of Directors President of Pittsburgh Opera?
(Unfortunately, this information is not available in the document)

5. Q: How much money did Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
How many years is Antony Walker's contract extension?
When will Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale be held?
Who is being honored by Pittsburgh Opera for her contributions to Black Opera in Pittsburgh?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the Metropolitan Opera's competition that Emily Richter won?
When does Pittsburgh Opera present two modern operas in May?
What is the name of the first class of Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artists?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of the Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the name of the opera house where Marianne Cornetti performed?
Who is a Resident Artist who headlined at The Metropolitan Opera?
What is the name of the Resident Artist who performed at Berlin, Paris, and Metropolitan?
Who is a conductor, class of 1992-93?
What is the name of the Resident Artist who performed at San Francisco and New York City Opera?
Who is a soprano, class of 2000-01?
What is the year that Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May?
When was Carnegie Mellon University's class of 1986 graduate?
Who is the bass of Carnegie Mellon University's class of 1987?
Who is the stage director of Carnegie Mellon University's class of 2015-16?
Who is the soprano of Carnegie Mellon University's class of 1989?
What is the class of 1990-91 apprentice's name?
Who is the bass-baritone of Carnegie Mellon University's class of 2002-03?
Who is the baritone of Carnegie Mellon University's class of 2022?
When was Wilson a student at the opera?
What type of vocalist is Max Wittges?
When was Julie Wolf a student at the opera?
Where is the Pittsburgh Opera located?
What is the zip code of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the event "Tosca" take place?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations?
What is the name of the new rideshare voucher program?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's Board of Directors President?
When does the Pittsburgh Opera's 2023-24 Piano Sale take place?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's program for matching gifts?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's education program for young artists?
When does the Pittsburgh Opera's 86th Season take place?
What is the duration of Antony Walker's contract extension?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's new Board of Directors President?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the duration of the Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's first of its kind rideshare voucher program?
Who is the Chair of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the President of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera is presenting from October 5-13?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the facility that Pittsburgh Opera uses for production rentals?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension as Music Director?
What is being celebrated by Pittsburgh Opera in Pittsburgh?
What is being offered by Pittsburgh Opera during La Traviata matinee?
When does Pittsburgh Opera announce its 86th Season?
What program does Pittsburgh Opera announce?
What type of operas is Pittsburgh Opera presenting this winter?
What type of events is Pittsburgh Opera presenting this fall?
Who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
When does Pittsburgh Opera present two modern operas in May?
What competition does Emily Richter win?
Who is the General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number to reach a Pittsburgh Opera staff member?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
How much money does Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera is performing from October 5-13?
Where is the opera "Tosca" being performed?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is a part of?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations?
What is the name of the company that Pittsburgh Opera has a partnership with?
What is the name of the program that offers free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the event that Pittsburgh Opera is hosting in May?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign that Pittsburgh Opera is currently running?
What is the duration of the contract extension for Music Director Antony Walker?
When does the Piano Sale event take place?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of the Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the principal harpist of the Pittsburgh Opera Orchestra?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
When is Tosca being performed at the Benedum Center?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services during opera performances?
What is the name of the voucher program that offers free rideshare services?
What is the name of the society that is committed to supporting Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the president of the Board of Directors of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the factory where Pittsburgh Opera produces its events?
What is the name of the program that offers free concerts?
What is the name of the event that celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the opera that is being performed in May during the international opera conference?
Who is the director of artistic operations of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the piano sale that Pittsburgh Opera is hosting?
What is the duration of Antony Walker's contract extension?
What is the name of the program that offers discounted tickets for students?
When does Pittsburgh Opera's 2023-24 Piano Sale take place?
What is the duration of Music Director Antony Walker's contract extension?
When does Pittsburgh Opera celebrate Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the opera where Pittsburgh Opera will offer free childcare during the matinee?
Who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
How much money does Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the location of Pittsburgh Opera's office?
What is the city where Pittsburgh Opera is located?
What is the name of the road where Pittsburgh Opera's office is located?
When did Pittsburgh Opera move into its new home at 2425 Liberty Avenue?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera is presenting from October 5-13?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being presented?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
How many years is Antony Walker's contract extension?
What is the name of the program that Pittsburgh Opera offers free childcare during La Traviata matinee?
What is the name of the 2024 Piano Sale?
What is the date range of the 2024 Piano Sale?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the new Board of Directors President of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the first of its kind rideshare voucher program offered by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference?
In what year did Pittsburgh Opera move into its new home at 2425 Liberty Avenue?
What is the name of the building where Pittsburgh Opera is located?
Who was George Westinghouse?
In what year was the air brake invented?
What is the name of the conference room in the Bitz Opera Factory?
What is the name of the opera studio in the Bitz Opera Factory?
Who is the current President of the Board of Directors of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the production sponsored by Robert and Christine Pietrandrea?
How much money did Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the Piano Sale event?
When did Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale take place?
What is the name of the rideshare voucher program announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
In what year did Pittsburgh Opera announce its 86th Season?
What is the name of the opera presented by Pittsburgh Opera during the international opera conference in May?
What is the name of the street where the Bitz Opera Factory is located?
What is the square footage of the Bitz Opera Factory?
When was Pittsburgh founded?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a City?
Who was Pittsburgh's first chief executive?
How many mayors have shaped Pittsburgh over 200 years?
Who is the current mayor of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the office that oversees the mayor of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the program that welcomes new residents to Pittsburgh?
When was Pittsburgh founded?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a City?
Who was Pittsburgh's first chief executive?
How many men and one woman have shaped Pittsburgh over 200 years?
How many years of service did Ebenezer Denny have?
How many terms did Magnus M. Murray serve as the Mayor of Pittsburgh?
Who was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959?
Who was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 to 2014?
Who was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2014 to 2022?
Who is the current Mayor of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
What is the name of the organization?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera that celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that provides childcare services during Pittsburgh Opera events?
What is the name of the piano sale event organized by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the competition won by Emily Richter?
When does Tosca take place at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera presents?
What is the name of the foundation that supports Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that Pittsburgh Opera offers to provide free childcare?
What is the name of the rideshare voucher program offered by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the piano sale event hosted by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Resident Artist Program at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Manager of Institutional Giving at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the endowment that supports music education?
What is the name of the foundation that supports the arts in Pittsburgh?
What is the duration of the contract extension announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is being celebrated by Pittsburgh Opera?
What type of voucher program did Pittsburgh Opera announce?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale?
How much did Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera’s Laffont Competition?
What is the phone number for Pittsburgh Opera's Manager of Institutional Giving?
When does the opera "Tosca" take place?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the organization that provides rideshare vouchers?
When does the 2024 Piano Sale take place?
What is the name of the program that offers discounted tickets for students?
Who is the General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera that will be performed in May during the international opera conference?
When does Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale take place?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension as Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is being celebrated by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera production that offers free childcare?
What is the name of the program announced by Pittsburgh Opera that offers rideshare vouchers?
Who commits $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the competition won by Emily Richter?
What is the name of the agency that provides contributions to Pittsburgh Opera?
When was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
What is the name of the opera being performed from October 5-13?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the facility that holds events at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is part of?
What is the name of the piano sale event hosted by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who received a 5-year contract extension as Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
When does Pittsburgh Opera's 2024 Piano Sale take place?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension as Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What event does Pittsburgh Opera celebrate?
What program does Pittsburgh Opera announce?
What is the name of the competition Emily Richter won?
What is the amount Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
When was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
What is the name of the principles Pittsburgh Opera commits to?
Where is Pittsburgh Opera located?
Who are the people who commit to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
When will the opera "Tosca" be performed at the Benedum Center?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during Pittsburgh Opera events?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
When will the 2024 Piano Sale take place?
What is the name of the program that provides rideshare vouchers for Pittsburgh Opera events?
Who is the General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera that will be performed during the 2024-25 season?
What is the name of the mobile app provided by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who provided funding for the Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App?
What is the name of the company that powers the Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App?
What is the name of the premium feature within the Instant Encore platform?
When did Pittsburgh Opera launch its mobile app?
What is the name of the center that created LiveNote?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera performed in 2018?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera performed in 2018?
Who is the Grand Finals Winner of the Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the amount of money committed by Robert and Christine Pietrandrea to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the 5-year contract extension received by someone?
What is the name of the Board of Directors President announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
What are the dates of the Pittsburgh Opera's 2023 Piano Sale?
What is the name of the opera being performed from October 5-13?
Where is the opera "Tosca" being performed?
What are the dates of the opera "Tosca" performance?
What is the name of the program that provides free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the program that provides free childcare services?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the piano sale hosted by Pittsburgh Opera?
When is the 2024 Piano Sale?
What is the name of the resident artists program for 2024-25?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Head of Music of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that provides matching gift funding?
What is the name of the society that supports Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 86th Season announced?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during La Traviata matinee?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the program that Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May?
What is the name of the grant that supports Bravo Academy?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
When is the opera Tosca being performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where the opera Tosca is being performed?
What is the name of the organization mentioned in the document?
What is the name of the program that provides free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the campaign that aims to raise funds for Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the mobile app related to Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the opera "Tosca" take place?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the piano sale event at Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the 2024 Piano Sale take place?
What is the duration of the contract extension for Music Director Antony Walker?
Who is the President of the Board of Directors of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the first of its kind rideshare voucher program at Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the opera "Cavalleria Rusticana/Pagliacci" take place?
What is the name of the opera that celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh?
When does the opera "Madama Butterfly" take place?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" take place?
Who is the Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
When does the opera "Tosca" take place?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the venue where "Tosca" will take place?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services?
What is the name of the company that provides rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the society that supports Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the 2023 Piano Sale take place?
What is the amount committed by Robert and Christine Pietrandrea to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera's Laffont Competition?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
When is Pittsburgh Opera's 86th Season announced?
Who is the new Board of Directors President of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the title of the opera being performed on October 5, 8, 11, and 13, 2024?
Who is the conductor of the opera Tosca?
What is the name of the church where Cesare Angelotti hides in the opera?
Who is the singer playing the role of Floria Tosca in the opera Tosca?
What is the name of the city where the opera Tosca is being performed?
When is the 2023 Piano Sale of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the Resident Artist Pianist of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the approximate run time of the performance?
How long is the Intermission in Act I?
How long is the Intermission in Act II?
How long is the Intermission in Act III?
What is the minimum age for children to attend the performance?
Is there a discount for kids and teens?
What is the address of the Benedum Center?
What is the phone number of the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the opera being performed at Benedum Center?
When is the opera 'Tosca' being performed at Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where the opera 'Tosca' is being performed?
What is the name of the opera by Puccini?
What is the name of the organization that hosts the opera performances?
What is the name of the program that supports the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign that supports the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the resident artist program of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the center that hosts the Pittsburgh Opera's events?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera is performing from October 5-13?
Who is the music director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the Resident Artist Alumni program?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare services during performances?
Who is the director of Artistic Operations at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the facility that hosts Pittsburgh Opera's events?
What are the dates of the Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci performances?
Who sponsored the Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci performances?
What is the name of the piano sale hosted by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who received a 5-year contract extension as Music Director?
What is the name of the program that offers rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is part of?
Who is the General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the double feature of love and hate operas being performed by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who sponsored the performances in part?
Who gave a generous gift for the performances?
Where are the performances taking place?
What is the location of the Benedum Center?
On which dates are the performances taking place?
Who plays the role of Santuzza in Cavalleria Rusticana?
Who plays the role of Canio in Pagliacci?
In what year were Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci last performed together by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the conductor of the performances?
What is the runtime of Pagliacci?
At what age must children be to attend the opera?
What is the discount for kids and teens ages 6-18?
What is the address of the Benedum Center?
What is the phone number of the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the company that has implemented new security and bag policies?
How long is the intermission?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
What is the duration of the opera performance?
What is the name of the program that provides free childcare services?
What is the name of the organization that provides free rideshare vouchers?
What is the name of the campaign for the Monteverdi Society?
When will the production of Tosca be held?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the factory where Pittsburgh Opera holds events?
When will the 2024 Piano Sale be held?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera will present in January 2025?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during La Traviata matinee?
When will the 86th Season of Pittsburgh Opera be announced?
What is the name of the rideshare voucher program announced by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
When will the performances of "Dec ARMIDA Music" take place?
What is the name of the opera by Joseph Haydn?
What is the libretto of the opera based on?
Who is the conductor of the performance?
What is the location of the performances?
Who plays the role of Armida?
What is the name of the character who falls in love with Zelmira?
What is the name of the character who is the daughter of the sultan of Egypt?
What is the minimum age for children to attend the performance?
What is the discount for kids and teens ages 6-18?
What is the location of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the age requirement for children to attend the opera?
What is the percentage discount for kids and teens ages 6-18?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the language of the opera "Armida"?
What type of programs are available for visually impaired audience members?
What is the suggested age range for children to attend the opera according to the Pittsburgh Opera FAQs?
What is the name of the opera being performed at Benedum Center in October?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations at Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that offers free childcare during select opera performances?
What is the name of the resident artist who will be part of the 2024-25 season?
What is the name of the new program that provides rideshare vouchers for opera attendees?
What is the name of the competition that Emily Richter won?
What is the name of the opera being performed in March 2025?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the opera that Pittsburgh Opera is presenting in March 2025?
When does the opera Madama Butterfly take place in March 2025?
What is the name of the artist playing the role of Cio-Cio San in the opera?
What is the name of the artist playing the role of B.F. Pinkerton in the opera?
What is the name of the organization that Pittsburgh Opera is partnering with to co-produce the opera?
What is the name of the gift that sponsored the performances of Madama Butterfly?
Where is the opera Madama Butterfly taking place?
Who is the conductor of the opera Madama Butterfly?
What is the name of the Resident Artist Pianist for the opera?
What is the approximate run time of the Madama Butterfly performance?
Is English translation available during the performance?
Where can one find real-time parking availability?
What is the age requirement for children to attend the opera?
Is there a discount for kids and teens attending the opera?
What is the address of the Benedum Center?
What is the contact number of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh venue that implemented new security and bag policies?
When was the Whiskey Rebellion in Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the glass factory built in 1795 in Pittsburgh?
Who was the author of "The Gospel of Wealth"?
What was the name of the neighborhood where Pittsburgh's wealthiest industrialists lived in the 19th century?
In what year did the Carnegie Library open in Pittsburgh?
What was the amount donated by Andrew Carnegie for the establishment of organizations that benefit the public?
In what year was the Duquesne Club founded?
In what year was the Greater Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce founded?
What was the ranking of Pittsburgh in the 2009 list of all cities for job growth?
What was the year that President Barack Obama stated that Pittsburgh stands as a bold example of how to create new jobs and industries while transitioning to a 21st-century economy?
Who is one of the first to capitalize on the railways in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the railroad that opened in 1851?
What was the name of the stock exchange in Pittsburgh that closed its doors in 1974?
When did the Pittsburgh Stock Exchange open for all general stocks?
Who founded the Duquesne Club in 1873?
What is the name of the library that opened in Pittsburgh in 1890 and is still open?
How much did Andrew Carnegie donate for the establishment of organizations that benefit the public?
What is the name of the company that was reorganized as U.S. Steel in 1901?
When did the Homestead Strike occur?
Who dominated the local economy after Carnegie Steel was reorganized as U.S. Steel in 1901?
What is the name of the steel mill that operated in Homestead from 1881 to 1986?
When did the Duquesne Steel Works close?
How many persons were employed at Duquesne Steel Works in the 1940s?
What is the name of the steel mill that operated in Mon Valley from 1938 to present?
What is the name of the company that had as many as 12,000 employees?
When did the Donora US Steel Wire mill close?
How many employees did the Donora US Steel Wire mill have?
What is the name of the company that was founded in 1894 and is still in operation?
When was Alcoa's New Kensington works founded?
How many workers did Alcoa's New Kensington works employ at its peak?
What was the population of Pittsburgh in the early 20th century?
What was the rank of Pittsburgh as the largest city in America?
When did the Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers organize a general strike?
What was Pittsburgh referred to as in 1911?
What percentage of national steel output was produced by Pittsburgh by the 1920s?
What was the name of the world's largest tube and pipe mill, structural steel plant, rail mill, wire manufacturing plant, and bridge and construction fabricating plant in Pittsburgh?
What was the economic base of the region in later years?
What percentage of the nation's coal was obtained from within 100 miles of Pittsburgh?
When was the Wagner Act of 1935 passed?
What was the goal of organizations such as the RIDC?
What was the number of steelworkers in the Pittsburgh area in 1980?
What was the number of steelworkers in the Pittsburgh area in 1984?
What year did Motor Coils manufacturing company start supplying to American railroads?
What were some major advertising and public relations firms in Pittsburgh in the 20th century?
What were some retail chains founded in the early part of the 20th century in Pittsburgh?
What is the weekly income in Pittsburgh in 1980?
What percentage of jobs in Pittsburgh was blue collar in 1980?
What was the expected trend in Pittsburgh in the 1980s?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population was in the manufacturing business in 1955?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population was in the manufacturing business in 1980?
What sector created almost 80% of high-wage jobs in Allegheny County?
How many new jobs were created in the tourism industry in the Pittsburgh area?
How many of the new jobs in the tourism industry were within Allegheny County?
What is the number one private employer in Pittsburgh?
What is the number of employees at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
What percentage change in housing prices did the Pittsburgh MSA experience between 2006 and 2011?
How many of the top 25 MSAs saw a depreciation of housing values between 2006 and 2011?
What is the name of the foundation established in 1951?
In what year did Pittsburgh reach a 6.8% unemployment rate?
What was the unemployment rate in Pittsburgh in April 2005?
What percentage of jobs in Pittsburgh lies within the health care service?
How many jobs were added in the business service sector in 2008?
How many construction jobs were created in the region during the downturn?
What is the name of the economic development plan for Pittsburgh and Allegheny County?
How many LEED certified buildings does Pittsburgh have?
How many enterprise zones does Allegheny County have?
How many of these enterprise zones are located in the City of Pittsburgh?
Which company will lay off 350 office employees in the Pittsburgh area in 2013?
What is the name of the innovation roadmap being developed for the city in 2014?
In which year was the economic development plan "Allegheny Places" adopted?
What is the ranking of Pittsburgh in terms of intergenerational economic mobility in 2014?
How many employees will the H. J. Heinz Company have in the Pittsburgh area after the layoff?
What is the name of the summit held in Pittsburgh in 2009?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the population of Pittsburgh after a layoff?
What is the number of office employees laid off in the Pittsburgh area?
When was the innovation roadmap for the city underway?
Who was the President who gave a statement on G-20 Summit in Pittsburgh?
What is the year when the Homestead Strike occurred?
What is the name of the company that shut 3 plants and cut 3,700 jobs?
When was the original document from November 2, 2013. Retrieved November 4, 2013. created?
Who wrote "The International Politics of Trade and Production in the Steel Industry"?
What is the title of the book edited by John Pinder?
When was the book edited by John Pinder published?
What is the name of the city that was never new?
What is the name of the newspaper that was mentioned?
What is the name of the organization that moved the location of the DUG East Conference?
What is the name of the conference that moved the location?
What is the name of the economic development plan for Allegheny County?
What is the name of the research volume on National industrial strategies and the world economy?
What is the name of the department that is responsible for economic development in Allegheny County?
When was the Pittsburgh-area economy mentioned to have endured the recession better than other markets?
What is the name of the article that mentioned Pittsburgh's economy doing better than the rest of the country?
Who is the author of the article "Pittsburgh's Future"?
What is the name of the city that was ranked as number 2 in achieving the American Dream?
Who is the author of the article "Pittsburgh # 2: Top 10 cities to achieve the American Dream"?
When was the Pittsburgh Business Times published?
What is the name of the development company mentioned in the Pittsburgh Business Times?
Who is the author of the article "Lessons for the G20: The revival of Pittsburgh"?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh region's top employer?
What is the name of the economic development program mentioned in the article?
What is the name of the paper series by Chetty, Hendren, Kline, and Saez?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh neighborhood mentioned in the article?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
When was the 1990s turn around in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh region's combined statistical area?
What is the name of the organization that represents the Pittsburgh region's business community?
What is the name of the major city in the Pittsburgh region?
What is the name of the airport in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the region that includes the Pittsburgh area?
What is the name of the opera being performed at Benedum Center in October?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
What is the duration of the opera performance of Tosca?
Who is the composer of the opera Tosca?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's giving program for corporate donations?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's program for sustaining donations?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's program for volunteer work?
When does the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" premiere?
Who is the composer of the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed"?
What is the title of the opera that premiered in 2024-25?
Where is the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" performed?
What is the name of the museum from which the paintings were stolen?
How many paintings were stolen?
Who is the curator of the museum?
What is the name of the painting that bears a resemblance to Mona's mother?
How long is the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed"?
What is the age requirement for children attending the opera?
When is Tosca performed at Benedum Center?
Who is the Director of Artistic Operations?
What is the name of the opera by Jennifer Higdon?
Who is the composer of the opera Woman With Eyes Closed?
When is the 2024 Piano Sale?
Who receives a 5-year contract extension?
What is the name of the organization that committed $500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions?
Who is a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera’s Laffont Competition?
When are the performances of Woman With Eyes Closed?
Where are the performances of Woman With Eyes Closed held?
Who is the Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the facility where the performances of Woman With Eyes Closed are held?
When is the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" performing in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the opera that explores the theme of creation, destruction, and letting go?
Who is the composer of the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed"?
What is the name of the museum where the priceless paintings were stolen from?
What is the name of the painting by Lucian Freud that bears a resemblance to Mona's Mother?
Who is the conductor of the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" on April 26, 29, and May 2, 2025?
What is the age requirement for children to attend the opera?
What is the address of the Bitz Opera Factory?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the start date of the Pittsburgh Opera's calendar in October?
What is the name of the opera being performed on October 5?
What is the time of the WQED Season Recap - The Passion of Mary Cardwell Dawson on October 5?
What is the location of the New Guard Tosca Pre-Show Happy Hour on October 5?
What is the time of the Pre-Opera Talk on October 5?
What is the location of the Hyeholde Restaurant on October 24?
What is the phone number of the Hyeholde Restaurant?
What is the name of the opera being performed in November?
What is the date of the preview on WQED-FM 89.3 and wqed.org/fm?
What is the date of the Pre-Opera Talk at Benedum Center?
What is the address of the Bitz Opera Factory?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the venue where Cavalleria Rusticana/Pagliacci is performed?
What is the date of the November Song Shop?
When is the "December Song Shop" event?
At what time is the "December Song Shop" event?
What is the address of the Bitz Opera Factory?
What is the city and state of the Bitz Opera Factory?
When is Armida previewed on WQED-FM 89.3?
At what time is Armida previewed on WQED-FM 89.3 on January 18?
Where is the Pre-Opera Talk on January 25 held?
At what time is the Pre-Opera Talk on January 25?
What is the address of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the phone number of Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the venue for the Meet the Artists - Armida event on January 28?
At what time is the Meet the Artists - Armida event on January 28?
What is the name of the theater where the pre-opera talk is held on February 2?
What is the name of the event on February 2, 2025?
What is the name of the event on February 15, 2025?
What is the time of the fashion show on February 24, 2025?
What is the name of the location of the fashion show and February Song Shop?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Opera's event on March 8, 2025?
What is the time of the event on March 8, 2025?
Where is the March Song Shop event held?
What is the name of the radio station that will broadcast Madama Butterfly Preview on March 15, 2025?
What is the time of the Madama Butterfly Preview on March 15, 2025?
What is the name of the venue for the Pre-Opera Talk on March 22, 2025?
What is the name of the opera performed on March 22, 2025?
What is the time of the Meet the Artists event on March 25, 2025?
When is the "April Song Shop" event?
At what time is the "April Song Shop" event?
Where is the "April Song Shop" event held?
What is the name of the event preview on WQED-FM 89.3 and wqed.org/fm on Saturday, April 19, 2025?
At what time is the preview of "Woman With Eyes Closed" on WQED-FM 89.3 and wqed.org/fm on Saturday, April 19, 2025?
Where is the preview of "Woman With Eyes Closed" on WQED-FM 89.3 and wqed.org/fm on Friday, April 25, 2025 held?
At what time is the preview of "Woman With Eyes Closed" on WQED-FM 89.3 and wqed.org/fm on Friday, April 25, 2025?
What is the name of the opera being performed at the Benedum Center in October?
What is the name of the center where Tosca is being performed?
When will Tosca be performed at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the organization?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the city where the Pittsburgh Opera is located?
What is the state where the Pittsburgh Opera is located?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the campaign to support the Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the name of the program that supports the Pittsburgh Opera?
When does the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" take place on a Friday?
When does the opera "Woman with Eyes Closed" take place on a Sunday?
What is the name of the opera performed on May 2 and May 4, 2025?
What is the name of the event on May 17, 2025?
Where does the event "Maecenas XL" take place?
What is the name of the 69th annual event that welcomes everyone back to a fresh season of opera?
Where will the 69th annual Diamond Horseshoe Celebration take place?
What is the date of the 69th annual Diamond Horseshoe Celebration?
What type of event is the Fashion Show?
Where will the Fashion Show take place?
What is the date of the Fashion Show?
What is the name of the annual season-ending, signature fundraising gala?
Where will the Maecenas XL take place?
What is the date of the Maecenas XL?
What is the population of the city of Pittsburgh?
What is the population of Allegheny County?
What is the GDP of the Greater Pittsburgh region in 2022?
What is the time zone of the Greater Pittsburgh region?
When was the first ICML conference held in Pittsburgh?
What is the total population of the Greater Pittsburgh region?
What is the combined population of the Pittsburgh megaregion in 2016?
What is the name of the megaregion that consists of 28 Pennsylvania counties, 19 West Virginia counties, 5 Ohio counties, and 2 Maryland counties?
What is the combined population of the Pittsburgh megaregion?
How many counties are included in at least one of the formal definitions of Greater Pittsburgh?
What is the combined population of the counties included in at least one of the formal definitions of Greater Pittsburgh?
What is the historical grouping of Pittsburgh that reflects its industrial past?
What is the economic region that Pittsburgh is associated with, due to its connections to Great Lakes cities?
Who coined the term "Cleveburgh" to refer to the cities of Cleveland and Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the corridor between Cleveland and Pittsburgh that is identified as an interconnected "megapolitan area"?
What is the name of the largest school district in the area?
When was the historic landmark, art deco terminal opened?
How many destinations did Pittsburgh International Airport have in 2000?
What is the name of the airport that offers commercial service via Spirit Airlines to Florida and South Carolina?
In what year did US Airways select the airport for its new $25 million, 27,000 sq ft Global Flight Operations Center?
What is the name of the airport that is the area's largest general aviation airport?
In what year was the nation's third-largest airport opened?
What is the name of the expressway that serves as a downtown expressway between I-279 and I-579?
What is the rank of the Port of Pittsburgh in the United States?
How many short tons of river cargo did the Port of Pittsburgh have in 2011?
What is the name of the agency that is the largest mass transit service in the metro area?
What is the length of the metro rail system in the Pittsburgh area?
What is the name of the university that provides services in the eastern core of the metropolitan area?
In what year was the Pennsylvania Turnpike opened?
What is the name of the expressway that serves as a partial east hills beltway for traffic from both Interstate 70 and the Pennsylvania Turnpike/Interstate 76?
What is the name of the airport that is located in suburban West Mifflin, Pennsylvania?
What is the name of the airport that is the smaller but less crowded airport to the east of downtown in Latrobe?
What is the name of the largest mass transit service in the metro area?
How many miles is the subway/light rail system in Pittsburgh?
Who described Pittsburgh as having "one foot in the East... and the other in the Midwest"?
What is the name of the museum that is renowned for its collections of 19th and 20th century decorative art?
How many locations does the Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art have?
What is the name of the baseball team that plays at PNC Park?
In what year was the professionalization of both American football and ice hockey launched in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the trail that connects Pittsburgh to Washington, D.C.?
When was the first professional player in American football played for a Pittsburgh football team?
What is the name of the first all-professional hockey league in Pennsylvania?
How many times has Oakmont Country Club hosted the U.S. Open?
What is the name of the oldest continuous club in the U.S.?
What is the name of the tournament that calls the region home?
How many times has Pittsburgh hosted the Major League Baseball All-Star Game?
How many major league franchises are there in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the river that hosts the Bassmaster Classic and Forrest Wood Cup?
What is the name of the ski resort located in Laurel Mountain?
What is the name of the university that has a museum of art?
What is the name of the sports team that plays in the Frontier League?
How many counties does the Pittsburgh metro area now include?
What is the name of the statistical area that Pittsburgh is part of?
When was the Pittsburgh metro area revised to include eight counties?
What counties are included in the Pittsburgh metro area?
What is the name of the ski resort in Seven Springs?
What is the name of the publication that listed the Pittsburgh metro area's population data?
What is the name of the economic study that discussed the Pittsburgh metropolitan area?
What is the name of the publication that listed the Pittsburgh metropolitan area's GDP data?
What is the name of the organization that discussed the Pittsburgh metropolitan area's transit funding?
When was Pittsburgh and the Appalachians: cultural and natural resources in a postindustrial age published?
What is the title of the book written by Joseph L. Scarpaci and Kevin Joseph Patrick?
What is the title of the book written by Matthew J.X. Malady?
What is the title of the book written by Brian O'Neill?
What is the title of the book written by Joseph L. Scarpaci?
What is the title of the book written by Joseph L. Scarpaci?
What is the title of the book written by Joseph L. Scarpaci?
What is the name of the megaregion that includes Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the metropolitan area that includes Pittsburgh?
What are some counties in Pennsylvania that are part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area?
What is the name of the region that includes Pittsburgh and other cities in the Great Lakes area?
What is the name of the organization that defines the Great Lakes megalopolis?
What is the minimum population required for a metropolitan area to be included in the Great Lakes megalopolis?
What is the license under which the text in the document is available?
When do the 1.5 hour workshops for educators take place?
What is the duration of each workshop?
How much time is available for optional networking after the workshops?
What is required for pre-registration to attend the workshop?
What is the season theme for the 2024–2025 season of the Pittsburgh Opera?
How many workshops are included in the Opera Academy program?
What is the format of the Opera Academy workshops?
What is the name of the opera performance for the 2024-25 season's Student Matinee?
How many school students attend the Student Matinee each year?
What is the location of the Benedum Center?
What is the date of the Student Matinee?
How much do student tickets cost for the Student Matinee?
What is the date of the Workshop for Educators?
What is the fee for the Workshop for Educators for schools that book 50 seats?
What is the ticket price range for students and teachers from eligible middle and high schools?
When will the Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest be held?
Where is the Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest located?
What is the name of the local band performing at the Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest?
What is the name of the Halloween-themed parody show at the Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest?
What is the name of the haunted attraction in Homer City, Butler?
When will Scary Harry's Haunted Trails be open?
What is the admission fee for Scary Harry's Haunted Trails?
What is the name of the event at the National Aviary?
When will the Fall Student Choreography Project be held?
When will Fungus perform at an unplugged matinee?
What type of performance is Fungus on October 27?
What is the name of the tribute performance?
Who or what is being honored by the tribute performance?
What day of the week will Fungus perform on October 27?
What is the phone number of the Carnegie Science Center?
What is the name of the band performing at Hard Rock Cafe on October 27?
What is the address of the Hard Rock Cafe in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the farm hosting The Right TurnClyde Experience on October 27?
What is the address of SanaView Farm?
What type of jam is being held at Cork Harbour Pub on October 27?
What is the address of Cork Harbour Pub?
What is the name of the choir festival being held on October 27?
What is the admission fee for the Treble Choir Festival?
What is the address of the First Presbyterian Church of Edgewood?
What is the name of the theatre jam session being held on October 27?
What is the address of the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the haunted attraction at The Basement?
What is the minimum age requirement to enter The ScareHouse?
What is the name of the Burton Bar Experience at Mixtape?
What is the name of the immersive horror experience in Pittsburgh?
What is the minimum age requirement for The Nightmare Before Mixtape?
What is the address of The Nightmare Before Mixtape?
What is the duration of The Nightmare Before Mixtape?
What is the name of the holiday concert in December?
What is the address of the holiday concert venue?
What is the name of the choir looking for singers?
What is the monthly dues for Coro Latinoamericano?
What is the address of the Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh?
What is the discount code for Puzzling Adventures?
What is the name of the escape room in Greensburg?
What is the address of the 60 Minute Missions Escape Room?
What is the fee for the escape room?
What is the name of the museum in Oakland that exhibits how humans are affecting the environment?
What is the address of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
What is the name of the exhibit at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History that displays dinosaurs?
What is the address of the Andy Warhol Museum?
What is the name of the collaboration between The Andy Warhol Museum, BOOM Concepts & Artists Image Resource (AIR)?
What is the name of the history center in Sewickley?
What is the address of the Sewickley Heights History Center?
What is the name of the project that is seeking volunteers to staff tables at events throughout the spring & summer?
What is the phone number of the Pittsburgh Tote Bag Project?
What is the name of the organization that is seeking help in all areas?
What is the phone number of the American Civil Liberties Union?
What is the name of the organization that is providing classes on CPR and First Aid?
What is the address of the Red Cross Headquarters?
What is the name of the organization that is seeking volunteers to work tables and seminars, make bird toys, fundraising and more?
When was the Senator John Heinz History Center founded?
Where is the Senator John Heinz History Center located?
What is the contact number for the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the non-profit boutique-style women's clothing shop?
Where is Treasure House Fashions located?
What is the contact number for Treasure House Fashions?
What is the name of the organization that helps low-income seniors with home repairs?
What is the contact number for Rebuilding Together Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that seeks volunteers to promote diversity in the Pittsburgh region?
What is the contact number for GLENDA?
What is the name of the organization that provides tutoring services for students in grades K-9?
Where is Ark of Learning located?
What is the contact number for Ark of Learning?
What is the name of the organization that seeks volunteers to assist older adults?
What is the contact number for Interfaith Volunteer Caregivers?
What is the name of the educational program for low-income students?
Where is The Neighborhood Academy located?
What is the contact number for The Neighborhood Academy?
What is the name of the organization that seeks volunteers to pack and sort medical supplies?
What is the contact number for Global Links?
Who is Pittsburgh named after?
What is the phone number of Three Rivers Lacrosse?
What is the name of the organization that prepares economically disadvantaged women to succeed in the workforce?
What is the name of the museum that features 5,000 relics of Catholic saints?
What is the name of the bike collective that offers free bicycles to the public?
What is the name of the art center that hosts various events and exhibitions?
What is the name of the aviary that is home to over 600 birds from 200 species?
What is the name of the theater that hosts various performances and events?
What is the name of the organization that provides quality residential care and life skills training for adults with developmental challenges?
What is the name of the environmental organization that educates voters on environmental issues?
What is the name of the task force that provides services and support to individuals affected by HIV/AIDS?
What is the name of the event that celebrates bicycle power and promotes positive body image?
What is the name of the magic show that features Henry Evans?
What is the name of the gallery that showcases 19th-century American and European paintings?
What is the name of the ski club that offers year-round activities?
What is the name of the cooperative ministry that provides food, clothing, and other essential services to those in need?
What is the name of the organization that provides reading services to children?
When is the World Naked Bike Ride (WNBR) event held?
What is the phone number for WNBR?
What is the address of Rick's Cabaret & Sports Bar?
What is the name of the magician performing at Liberty Magic?
What is the name of Henry Evans' performance?
What is the address of Liberty Magic?
What is the phone number for Henry Evans' performance?
What is the name of the musical theatre project at Neu Kirche Contemporary Art Center?
What is the address of Neu Kirche Contemporary Art Center?
What is the phone number for donation-Based Yoga?
What is the address of Frick Park Red Clay Tennis Courts?
What is the name of the comedy club in Lawrenceville?
What is the address of Burning Bridges Comedy Club?
What is the phone number for Veterans Day Centennial & All Holidays Music Services & Hospitalities?
What is the address of Trinity Cathedral?
What is the name of the brunch event at Thunderbird Café & Music Hall?
What is the address of Thunderbird Café & Music Hall?
Where is the Wallace Whiskey Room and Kitchen located?
What time is the Wallace Whiskey Room and Kitchen's Saturday Jazz Jam?
Who is performing at the Wallace Whiskey Room and Kitchen?
What is the fee to attend the Wallace Whiskey Room and Kitchen's Saturday Jazz Jam?
What type of dance classes are offered at Art in Motion Pittsburgh?
What is the fee to attend a dance class at Art in Motion Pittsburgh?
What time are the dance classes at Art in Motion Pittsburgh?
Where is the Elrama Tavern located?
What time is the Soul'd Out Supper at the Elrama Tavern?
Is the Soul'd Out Supper at the Elrama Tavern free?
Who is performing at Billy the Kid's Steel Town All-Stars?
What time is the Billy the Kid's Steel Town All-Stars performing at The R Bar?
What is the location of the First Church of Christ, Scientist?
What time is the Christian Science Church Service at the First Church of Christ, Scientist?
What time is the Sunday Service Jam Session at R Bar?
What is the name of the event at Sonny's Tavern?
What time is the Karaoke at Sonny's Tavern?
Is the Karaoke at Sonny's Tavern free?
When does the musical "Funny Girl" take place in the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the gallery that hosts Kim Bond's exhibition?
What is the name of the instructional television program that Kim Bond was exposed to?
What is the name of the studio where Kim Bond is a resident artist?
What is the duration of the exhibition "The Science Behind PIXAR"?
What is the location of the Carnegie Science Center?
What is the name of the tour that takes place from November 29 to January 1?
What is the name of the artist whose films are being presented at Wood Street Galleries?
What is the duration of the exhibition "Roger Jacoby: Pittsburgh Stories"?
When was Roger Jacoby born?
What was the year Roger Jacoby relocated to Pittsburgh?
What was the name of the gallery where Roger Jacoby worked as a gallery assistant?
What was the name of the museum where Roger Jacoby played piano for silent films?
What was the name of the film that showcased Jacoby's innovative use of hand-processing techniques?
What was the name of the foundation that gifted Jacoby his first film camera?
What was the duration of Roger Jacoby's career as a filmmaker?
When will the "Love Actually" event take place?
What is the location of the "Love Actually" event?
Who will perform at the "Love Actually" event?
What is the name of the series highlighting Black and Brown children's book authors?
When will the "Storytime Spotlight" event take place?
What is the name of the event featuring the virtuosic brass section of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
When will the "Justin Timberlake" event take place?
What is the name of the event at the August Wilson African American Cultural Center?
When will the "Handel's Messiah" event take place?
What is the name of the exhibit featuring Kim Bond's work?
What is the name of the instructional television program that democratized access to arts education?
Who created The Joy of Painting?
When did The Joy of Painting air on PBS?
What is the name of the arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities?
What is the name of the exhibition at the Carnegie Science Center?
When does The Science Behind PIXAR exhibition take place?
What is the name of the tour that explores Downtown Pittsburgh's holiday lights and decorations?
When does the Holiday Lights Tour take place?
What is the name of the tour that explores Pittsburgh's spooky side?
When does the Black & Ghost Tour take place?
What is the duration of the Best Of The Burgh Tour?
What time does the Best Of The Burgh Tour start?
What is the address of Walk the Burgh Tours?
What is the name of the tour that explores the financial and cultural district?
What is the duration of the Beauty of the Burgh Tour?
What is the name of the musical performing at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the exhibition featuring the work of Roger Jacoby?
When does the MJ musical premiere at the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the film that showcases Jacoby's innovative use of hand-processing techniques?
What is the name of the museum and film archive that transferred and restored Jacoby's early films?
What is the name of the grants awarded by The Film Foundation and the National Film Preservation Foundation?
What are the names of the two films on view at Wood Street Galleries from October 2024 through January 2025?
What is the name of the film that captures intimate portraits of Jacoby's sister, mother, a deaf friend, and a gay couple?
What is the name of the tour that explores hidden art in Pittsburgh's downtown area?
What is the duration of the Art & Artists Tour?
What is the address of the starting point of the Art & Artists Tour?
What is the name of the neighborhood where Jacoby's apartment is located?
What is the name of the conservatory that appears in Jacoby's films?
When is the Home Alone event happening at Heinz Hall?
What is the address of Heinz Hall?
Who is performing at the Home Alone event at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the comedy show by Mike Birbiglia?
Where is the Byham Theater located?
What is the name of the museum at 440 Ross Street?
When is the Strauss' Alpine Symphony event happening at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the planetarium performance at Carnegie Science Center?
When is the PSO Disrupt: Walk on the Wild Side event happening at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the concerto performed by Lorna McGhee?
When is the Eagle Fall Show happening?
Who is performing at the Mike Birbiglia event?
What is the name of the Jim Gaffigan tour?
What is the name of the Iron Maiden tour?
What is the name of the Disney show?
What is the name of the Pennsylvania Bridal & Wedding Expo?
What is the name of the event for students in 7th-12th grade?
What is the name of the musical based on the greatest love story?
What is the name of the J.R.R. Tolkien's show?
Who is the magician performing in the show "What is Magic for You?"
What is the name of the History Center and Fort Pitt Museum promotion?
Who is the curator of the Kim Bond exhibition?
What is the name of the Pixar exhibition?
What is the name of the tour that shows the most interesting spots of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the Michael Jackson musical?
What is the name of the rock band performing in the show "Laser Rock Monsters"?
Who is the filmmaker presenting the experimental films at Wood Street Galleries?
What is the name of the Captain's Dinner Cruise & Tour?
What is the name of the comedy show on a party bus?
When does the November SkyWatch run?
What is the name of the performance inspired by Strauss's An Alpine Symphony?
Where is the Walk on the Wild Side performance held?
What is the name of the conference for minority students in STEM disciplines?
Where is the Annual Biomedical Research Conference for Minority Students held?
Who is performing at PPG Paints Arena on November 9?
What are the two operas being performed by Pittsburgh Opera?
Where is Disney's Beauty and the Beast being performed?
When does Disney's Beauty and the Beast run?
What is the name of the orchestra performing at the Byham Theater?
What is the name of the musical presented by Pittsburgh Musical Theater?
What is the name of the museum located in Downtown Pittsburgh?
What is the address of the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum?
What is the name of the event that takes place at the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum on the first and third Mondays of the month?
What is the duration of the event at the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum?
Is the event at the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum free?
Who are the docents available to tell the story of the former Allegheny County Jail?
What is the name of the playwright who reimagined The Hobbit for the stage?
Who is the puppetry director of Broadway's War Horse?
What is the name of the magic show presented by Miguel Muñoz?
What is the name of the venue where Miguel Muñoz's magic show takes place?
What is the duration of Miguel Muñoz's magic show?
What is the name of the center where the Pennsylvania Bridal & Wedding Expo takes place?
What is the address of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center?
Who is the World Champion of Magic?
What is the name of the play featuring puppets designed by Matt Acheson?
What is the name of the magic show by Miguel Muñoz?
Where is the play "Unplugged Robin Hood" being performed?
What is the duration of the Gems of Pittsburgh Tour?
What is the name of the laser show at Carnegie Science Center?
What is the name of the cruise and tour offered by Gateway Clipper Fleet?
What is the age restriction for the Captain's Dinner Cruise & Tour?
What is the name of the comedy tour in Pittsburgh?
What is the duration of the Comedy Bus Tour?
When does the Comedy Bus Tour start?
What is the duration of the Comedy Bus Tour?
What is the boarding location of the Comedy Bus Tour?
What is the age requirement for the evening Comedy Bus Tour rides?
What is the boarding location of the Haunted Pittsburgh Ghost Tour?
What is the duration of the Haunted Pittsburgh Ghost Tour?
What is the location of the Comedy Bus Tour?
What is the date of the Penguins vs. Ducks game?
What is the time of the Penguins vs. Ducks game?
Where is the Penguins vs. Ducks game held?
What is the name of the film being screened on October 31, 2024?
What is the time of the Marcario film screening on October 31, 2024?
Where is the Marcario film screening held?
What is the name of the event celebrating Día de Los Muertos?
What is the time of the Día de los Muertos Lunch Event?
Where is the Día de los Muertos Lunch Event held?
What is the name of the series highlighting Black and Brown children's book authors?
What is the time of the Storytime Spotlight event?
Where is the Storytime Spotlight event held?
What is the name of the musician performing at Stage AE on October 29, 2024?
What is the time of the Cavetown concert?
Where is the Cavetown concert held?
What is the name of the football team playing at Acrisure Stadium on October 28, 2024?
What is the name of the opposing team in the Pittsburgh Steelers game on October 28, 2024?
When is the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. New York Giants game?
Where is the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. New York Giants game held?
What is the start time of the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. New York Giants game?
What is the address of the Museum of Illusions?
When is Trick-or-Treat at Museum of Illusions?
What is the name of the comedian guiding the Black & Gold Tour?
What is the name of the venue hosting the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix concert?
What is the start time of the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix concert?
What is the name of the ballet being performed at the Benedum Center?
When is the Peter Pan ballet being performed?
What is the address of Stage AE?
When is the Steelers Tailgate event?
What is the name of the theater hosting the Lucky Draw event?
When is the Lucky Draw event?
What is the name of the ballet that is a Pittsburgh premiere?
Who is the choreographer of the ballet "Peter Pan"?
What is the name of the conference held at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center?
What is the name of the exhibition at the History Center?
What is the name of the improv comedy show at the Arcade Comedy Theater?
Who are the musical artists performing at Stage AE?
What is the name of the tour that Mod Sun & lovelytheband are on?
What is the location of the Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the organization that promotes and supports quality academic advising?
What is the location of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center?
What is the name of the guide that lists Pittsburgh events?
What types of events are listed in Pittsburgh.events?
Where can you find the best entertainment venues in Pittsburgh?
How can you secure your spot at must-attend Pittsburgh events?
What month is being highlighted in the document?
What is the purpose of Pittsburgh.events?
When is the New York Jets at Pittsburgh Steelers game?
What is the venue of the New York Jets at Pittsburgh Steelers game?
What is the starting time of the New York Jets at Pittsburgh Steelers game?
What is the price of the New York Jets at Pittsburgh Steelers game tickets?
What is the venue of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Ravel’s Piano Concerto?
What is the starting time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Ravel’s Piano Concerto?
What is the price of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Ravel’s Piano Concerto tickets?
Who is performing at the Benedum Center on October 20?
What is the starting time of the Dane Cook show?
What is the price of the Dane Cook tickets?
Who is performing at the Thunderbird Cafe & Music Hall on October 20?
What is the price of the Little Stranger Cafe tickets?
What is the venue of the Point Park Pioneers at Pittsburgh Panthers Basketball (Exhibition)?
What is the price of the Point Park Pioneers at Pittsburgh Panthers Basketball (Exhibition) tickets?
When is the Syracuse Orange at Pittsburgh Panthers Football event?
What is the price range for tickets to the Syracuse Orange at Pittsburgh Panthers Football event?
Where is the Syracuse Orange at Pittsburgh Panthers Football event held?
What is the price range for tickets to the Loudon Wainwright III event?
When is the Loudon Wainwright III event?
Where is the Loudon Wainwright III event held?
What is the price range for tickets to the Atlus event?
When is the Atlus event?
Where is the Atlus event held?
What is the price range for tickets to the Southside Johnny and The Asbury Jukes event?
When is the Southside Johnny and The Asbury Jukes event?
Where is the Southside Johnny and The Asbury Jukes event held?
What is the price range for tickets to the Wayne Graham event?
When is the Wayne Graham event?
Where is the Wayne Graham event held?
What is the price range for tickets to the Kitchen Dwellers event?
When is the Kitchen Dwellers event?
Where is the Kitchen Dwellers event held?
When is the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Pittsburgh Panthers Women's Volleyball game?
What is the starting time of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Pittsburgh Panthers Women's Volleyball game?
Where is the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Pittsburgh Panthers Women's Volleyball game held?
What is the starting time of the Hocus Pocus Drag Brunch at Pittsburgh Improv on October 27?
What is the price range of the Hocus Pocus Drag Brunch at Pittsburgh Improv on October 27?
What is the starting time of the Peter Pan at Benedum Center on October 27?
What is the price range of the Peter Pan at Benedum Center on October 27?
What is the starting time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in Concert at Heinz Hall on October 27?
What is the price range of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in Concert at Heinz Hall on October 27?
What is the starting time of the Disney On Ice – Frozen and Encanto at PPG Paints Arena on October 27?
What is the price range of the Disney On Ice – Frozen and Encanto at PPG Paints Arena on October 27?
Who is performing at Stage AE on October 27?
What is the price range of the MOD SUN & lovelytheband at Stage AE on October 27?
When is the New York Giants at Pittsburgh Steelers game?
What is the starting time of the New York Giants at Pittsburgh Steelers game?
What is the name of the city in western Pennsylvania at the junction of 3 rivers?
What is the name of the venue where Dave Alvin is performing?
What is the name of the venue where Pink Martini is performing?
How many upcoming events does Mean Gays have?
What is the name of the venue where Green Jelly is performing?
What is the name of the venue where Lucas Zelnick is performing?
How many upcoming events does Jake Shane have?
What city is the home of the Benedum Center?
What is the name of the football stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
Who is the musician performing at Club Cafe?
Who is the musician performing at City Winery Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the music venue in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the music venue that Mitchell Tenpenny is performing at?
What is the name of the music venue that Jake Shane is performing at?
What is the name of the music venue that Mean Gays is performing at?
What is the name of the music venue that Pink Martini is performing at?
What is the name of the music venue that Drug Church is performing at?
What type of events can be found in Pittsburgh in November 2024?
What is the name of the guide for epic events in Pittsburgh?
What is the purpose of Pittsburgh.events?
What type of tickets are guaranteed at Pittsburgh.events?
What is the spirit of Pittsburgh in November 2024 described as?
What is the name of the event featuring Matt Mathews?
Where is the event featuring Matt Mathews at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall?
What is the name of the event featuring Samuel J. Comroe?
At what time is the event featuring Samuel J. Comroe on November 1?
Where is the event featuring Pink Skies?
At what time is the event featuring Boney James?
What is the name of the event featuring Mercyhurst Lakers?
At what time is the event featuring Mercyhurst Lakers?
What is the name of the event featuring Najee?
At what time is the event featuring Najee?
What is the name of the event featuring Montreal Canadiens?
At what time is the event featuring Montreal Canadiens?
What is the name of the event featuring Samuel J. Comroe on November 2?
At what time is the event featuring Samuel J. Comroe on November 2?
What is the name of the event featuring Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
At what time is the event featuring Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on November 1?
What is the name of the event featuring Nick Carter?
At what time is the event featuring Nick Carter?
What is the name of the event featuring Brother Elsey?
At what time is the event featuring Brother Elsey?
What is the name of the event featuring Luann de Lesseps?
At what time is the event featuring Luann de Lesseps on November 3?
What is the date of Richard Shindell's performance at Club Cafe?
Where is Richard Shindell performing on November 03?
What is the date of Cold Case's performance at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall?
Where is Cold Case performing on November 03?
What is the date of Countess Luann de Lesseps' performance at City Winery?
Where is Countess Luann de Lesseps performing on November 03?
What is the date of Jonathan Butler's performance at City Winery?
Where is Jonathan Butler performing on November 04?
What is the date of The Dickies' performance at Crafthouse Stage & Grill?
Where is The Dickies performing on November 04?
What is the date of Lipscomb Bisons' basketball game against Duquesne Dukes?
Where is Lipscomb Bisons playing on November 04?
What is the date of The Flying Luttenbachers' performance at Club Cafe?
Where is The Flying Luttenbachers performing on November 04?
What is the date of The Atomic Bitchwax's performance at Club Cafe?
Where is The Atomic Bitchwax performing on November 05?
What is the date of Cold War Kids' performance at Stage AE?
Where is Cold War Kids performing on November 06?
When is the Beauty and the Beast show scheduled at Byham Theater?
Who is performing at the Pittsburgh Improv on November 9?
What time is Jim Gaffigan performing at PPG Paints Arena on November 9?
What is the name of the tribute band performing at Hard Rock Cafe Pittsburgh on November 9?
At what time is the Beauty and the Beast show scheduled at Byham Theater on November 10?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on November 10?
What is the name of the event celebrating the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank on November 9?
What is the name of the band performing at Petersen Events Center on November 11?
Who is performing at PPG Paints Arena on November 12?
At what time is the event celebrating the 50th anniversary of CMU scheduled at Carnegie Music Hall on November 14?
Who is performing at Stage AE on November 14?
What is the name of the comedian performing at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on November 14?
What time is the event celebrating the 50th anniversary of CMU scheduled at Carnegie Music Hall on November 14?
Who is performing at Club Cafe on November 12?
What is the name of the event celebrating the 50th anniversary of CMU scheduled at Carnegie Music Hall on November 14?
When is the Alley CVT: Feel It Tour happening at Enclave in Pittsburgh?
What is the venue for the West Virginia Mountaineers at Pittsburgh Panthers Basketball game on Nov 15?
Who is performing at Pittsburgh Improv on Nov 15?
What is the name of the Dave Matthews Band's concert venue on Nov 15?
What time is the Premium Tailgate Party for the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Baltimore Ravens game on Nov 17?
Who is performing at Club Cafe on Nov 17?
What time is the Milwaukee Panthers at Duquesne Dukes Basketball game on Nov 19?
When will the Milwaukee Panthers play at Duquesne Dukes Basketball?
At what time will the Milwaukee Panthers play at Duquesne Dukes Basketball?
Where will the Milwaukee Panthers play at Duquesne Dukes Basketball?
What teams will play at PPG Paints Arena on November 19?
At what time will the Tampa Bay Lightning play at Pittsburgh Penguins?
What musical will be performed at Benedum Center on November 19?
At what time will MJ The Musical be performed at Benedum Center on November 19?
What tribute act will perform at City Winery Pittsburgh on November 19?
At what time will The Seven Wonders – Tribute to Fleetwood Mac perform at City Winery Pittsburgh?
What artist will perform at Club Cafe on November 19?
At what time will Anthony Raneri with Special Guest Nate Bergman perform at Club Cafe?
What artist will perform at Stage AE on November 20?
At what time will W.A.S.P. perform at Stage AE?
Who will perform at Byham Theater on November 20?
At what time will Craig Ferguson perform at Byham Theater?
What artist will perform at City Winery Pittsburgh on November 20?
At what time will Chris Knight perform at City Winery Pittsburgh?
What artist will perform at Club Cafe on November 20?
Where is the Benedum Center located?
What time is the MJ The Musical event on November 25?
What musical is performing at the Benedum Center on November 25?
Who is performing at the Benedum Center on November 25?
What time is the Greg Koch ft. event on November 25?
Who is performing at Byham Theater on November 24?
What musical is playing at Benedum Center on November 24?
At what time is Mike Birbiglia performing at Byham Theater on November 24?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at PPG Paints Arena on November 24?
At what time is Pentatonix performing at PPG Paints Arena on November 24?
What is the name of the comedian performing at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on November 24?
At what time is Nick Swardson performing at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on November 24?
What is the name of the singer performing at Club Cafe on November 24?
At what time is Alisa Amador performing at Club Cafe on November 24?
What is the name of the comedian performing at Bottlerocket Social Hall on November 24?
At what time is Julio Torres performing at Bottlerocket Social Hall on November 24?
Who is performing at Byham Theater on November 25?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Benedum Center on November 25?
At what time is MJ The Musical performing at Benedum Center on November 25?
What is the name of the musician performing at Club Cafe on November 25?
At what time is Greg Koch ft. The Koch Marshall Trio performing at Club Cafe on November 25?
What is the name of the sports event at PPG Paints Arena on November 27?
When does Samuel Comroe perform at Clearview Arena?
Where does Brahms & Schumann perform on NOV 01 2024?
What is the name of the event at City Winery Pittsburgh on NOV 01 2024?
Who performs at Byham Theater on NOV 01 2024?
What is the name of the event at Club Cafe on NOV 02 2024?
When does Mercyhurst Lakers Football play at Arthur J. Rooney Athletic Field?
What is the name of the tour at PPG Paints Arena on NOV 02 2024?
When does Billy Ocean perform at Event Center at Rivers Casino?
What is the name of the musical at Benedum Center on NOV 02 2024?
Who performs at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on NOV 02 2024?
Who performs at Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music on NOV 02 2024?
When does Luann de Lesseps perform at City Winery Pittsburgh?
Who performs at PPG Paints Arena on NOV 03 2024?
Who performs at Crafthouse Stage & Grill on NOV 03 2024?
What is the name of the event at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on NOV 03 2024?
Who performs at Petersen Events Center on NOV 04 2024?
When does the concert of Annette Gordon-Reed take place?
Where is the event of Detroit Red Wings taking place?
Who is performing at the Club Cafe on NOV 13?
What is the name of the upcoming event at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on NOV 14?
When does the concert of West Virginia Mountaineers take place?
What is the name of the upcoming event at Heinz Hall on NOV 15?
When does the concert of Wagner Seahawks Football take place?
What is the name of the upcoming event at PPG Paints Arena on NOV 16?
When does the concert of Tailgate Party take place?
What is the name of the upcoming event at Petersen Events Center on NOV 18?
When is the U2 Tribute at City Winery Pittsburgh?
Where is the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets game on November 30?
Who is performing at Stage AE on November 30?
What team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on November 30?
Who is performing at the Byham Theater on November 30?
Where can you see Eban Brown perform?
On what date is Eban Brown performing at the Hard Rock Cafe Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the arena where Karlous Miller is performing?
Who is performing at the Pittsburgh Improv on November 29?
What is the name of the venue where U2 Tribute is performing on November 29?
What is the name of the band being tributed at Heinz Hall on November 29?
Who is performing at Stage AE on November 30?
What is the name of the sports team playing at PPG Paints Arena on November 30?
What is the name of the theater where Ronny Chieng is performing on November 30?
What is the name of the neighborhood in Pittsburgh where the Andy Warhol Museum is located?
What type of events can be found on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the purpose of Pittsburgh.events?
What can users find on Pittsburgh.events?
What guarantee do users have when buying tickets on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the spirit of Pittsburgh in December 2024?
What can users discover on Pittsburgh.events in December 2024?
What assurance do users have when buying tickets on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the name of the musical performing at Benedum Center in December?
What is the name of the event at PPG Paints Arena on December 10?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on December 14?
What is the name of the event at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on December 17?
Who is performing at Stage AE on December 21?
What is the name of the event at Benedum Center on December 22?
Who is performing at PPG Paints Arena on December 23?
What is the name of the event at Heinz Hall on December 27?
Who is performing at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on December 28?
What is the name of the event at Acrisure Stadium on December 30?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on December 30?
What is the name of the event at Benedum Center on December 30?
Who is performing at Stage AE on December 30?
What is the name of the event at PPG Paints Arena on December 31?
Who is performing at Benedum Center on December 31?
What is the name of the event at PPG Paints Arena on January 1?
Who is performing at Benedum Center on January 2?
What is the name of the holiday concert by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the venue where the Nutcracker is being performed?
Who is performing at the Pittsburgh Improv?
What is the name of the tribute band performing at Carnegie Music Hall?
Who is performing at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the event at UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse?
What is the name of the venue where the Eagles tribute band is performing?
Who is performing at the Club Cafe?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is performing?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Penguins are playing?
What is the name of the venue where the Kansas City Chiefs are playing?
What is the name of the event at Premium Tailgate Tent?
What is the name of the event at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall?
What is the name of the event at City Winery Pittsburgh?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the event at PPG Paints Arena on a specific date?
What is the name of the basketball team mentioned in the document?
Where is the UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse located?
What is the name of the stage where Pigeons Playing Ping Pong is performing?
Where is the Pittsburgh Improv located?
What is the name of the musical mentioned in the document?
When is the performance of MJ The Musical scheduled?
Who is performing at the Benedum Center on December 1?
What team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on December 1?
Who is performing at UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse on December 1?
How many upcoming events are scheduled for Handel's Messiah?
How many upcoming events are scheduled for The Nutcracker (ballet) at Benedum Center?
What team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on December 1?
Where is Randy Bottlerocket Social Hall located?
How many upcoming events are scheduled for Gary Owen at Pittsburgh Improv?
What team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on December 1?
How many upcoming events are scheduled for Lil Duval at Pittsburgh Improv?
When is The Nutcracker ballet taking place?
How many events is Gary Owen performing at?
What is the name of the stadium where Heinz Field is located?
How many events is Lil Duval performing at Pittsburgh Improv?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in Pittsburgh?
How many events is Ali Siddiq performing at?
What is the name of the museum that speaks to Pittsburgh's history as an early-20th-century industrial capital?
How many events is Lil Duval performing at UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse?
What is the name of the football stadium in Pittsburgh?
How many events is Brian Regan performing at?
Who is the current mayor of Pittsburgh?
What is the term of the Allegheny County District Attorney?
What is the name of the financial oversight body of Pittsburgh?
How many members are in the Pittsburgh City Council?
What is the name of the body that oversees the Allegheny County Police Department?
What is the name of the organization that oversees the Allegheny Regional Asset District?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette publish an article about the city submitting more budget information to the Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority?
Who is the current mayor of Pittsburgh?
How often is the Mayor of Pittsburgh elected?
What is the name of the state-appointed financial oversight body for Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the authority that carries out many governmental functions in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the organization that includes the Allegheny County Sanitary Authority?
Who appoints the Pittsburgh Police Chief?
How many members are on the Pittsburgh City Council?
What is the name of the guide to Pittsburgh events?
What type of events are covered in Pittsburgh.events?
What is the name of the entertainment venue in Pittsburgh?
What is the guarantee of the tickets sold through Pittsburgh.events?
What is the competitive price level of the tickets sold through Pittsburgh.events?
What is the month when Pittsburgh.events guide to epic events is available?
What is the year when Pittsburgh.events guide to epic events is available?
What type of spirit is represented in Pittsburgh in January 2025?
What is the name of the event featuring the Louisville Cardinals basketball team?
Where is the Petersen Events Center located?
What is the name of the tour by Ari Shaffir?
Where is the Pittsburgh Improv located?
What is the name of the event featuring the North Carolina Tar Heels basketball team?
When is the event featuring the California Golden Bears basketball team?
Where is the Clearview Arena located?
What is the name of the event featuring the Cincinnati Bengals football team?
When is the event featuring the Clemson Tigers basketball team?
Where is the PPG Paints Arena located?
What is the name of the musical?
Where is the Benedum Center located?
What is the name of the event featuring the Saint Joseph’s Hawks basketball team?
When is the event featuring the Stanford Cardinal basketball team?
Where is the UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse located?
When is the event featuring the Virginia Cavaliers basketball team?
What is the name of the concert by Phil Hanley?
When will the concert of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Debussy’s La Mer take place?
What is the time of the concert of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Debussy’s La Mer?
Where will the concert of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Debussy’s La Mer take place?
What is the time of the concert of Phil Hanley Spellbound Tour?
Where will the concert of Phil Hanley Spellbound Tour take place?
What is the time of the concert of Jim Jefferies?
Where will the concert of Jim Jefferies take place?
What is the time of the concert of Lets Groove Tonight – Earth Wind and Fire Tribute?
Where will the concert of Lets Groove Tonight – Earth Wind and Fire Tribute take place?
What is the time of the concert of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Rachmaninoff and Tchaikovsky?
Where will the concert of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra – Rachmaninoff and Tchaikovsky take place?
What is the time of the concert of Dervish?
Where will the concert of Dervish take place?
What is the time of the concert of On a Winters Night?
Where will the concert of On a Winters Night take place?
What is the time of the concert of The Secret of Skinwalker Ranch?
When is the One Piece Music Symphony event?
Where is the One Piece Music Symphony event?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on January 26?
What is the start time of the Martin Sexton event at City Winery Pittsburgh?
Who is performing at Music Hall at Thunderbird Café & Music Hall on January 27?
What is the start time of the Blind Pilot event at Music Hall at Thunderbird Café & Music Hall?
Where is the Life Of Pi event on January 28?
What is the start time of the Life Of Pi event at Benedum Center on January 28?
Who is performing at Stage AE on January 29?
What is the start time of the Two Friends event at Stage AE?
Who is performing at Pittsburgh Improv on January 30?
What is the start time of the Austin Nasso event at Pittsburgh Improv?
Where is the Penn State Nittany Lions event on January 31?
What is the start time of the Penn State Nittany Lions event at Clearview Arena (Formerly RMU Island Sports Center)?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on January 31?
What is the start time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra event at Heinz Hall?
What is the date of the Bengals vs Steelers event?
Where is the Bengals vs Steelers event?
Where is Pittsburgh located?
How many rivers are at the junction in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the city in western Pennsylvania?
In which state is Pittsburgh located?
What is the junction of 3 rivers in Pittsburgh?
What is the city of Pittsburgh located in?
In what year was Pittsburgh founded?
What is the name of the museum that houses a collection of art?
What is the name of the conservatory and botanical gardens?
What is the name of the neighborhood that has modern sites such as the Andy Warhol Museum?
What is the name of the football stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
What is the name of the music hall that will have Blind Pilot on January 27?
How many events is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra having at Heinz Hall?
When does the UMass Minutemen at Duquesne Dukes Basketball event take place?
Where is the UMass Minutemen at Duquesne Dukes Basketball event held?
What is the name of the musical event at Benedum Center on February 1?
At what time is the Life Of Pi event at Benedum Center on February 1?
Where is the Penn State Nittany Lions at Robert Morris Colonials Women's Ice Hockey event held?
At what time is the Nashville Predators at Pittsburgh Penguins event on February 1?
Where is the Nashville Predators at Pittsburgh Penguins event held?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Stage AE on February 1?
At what time is the Sullivan King event at Stage AE on February 1?
What is the name of the event at Heinz Hall on February 2?
At what time is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra event at Heinz Hall on February 2?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Stage AE on February 2?
At what time is the Hippo Campus event at Stage AE on February 2?
Where is the Virginia Cavaliers at Pittsburgh Panthers Basketball event held?
At what time is the New Jersey Devils at Pittsburgh Penguins event on February 4?
When is the Sullivan King concert?
Where is the Life Of Pi show?
At what time is the Hippo Campus concert?
Which team is playing at Petersen Events Center on February 02?
Who is performing at Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music Hall on February 03?
Which team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on February 04?
What is the name of the tour of the show at Benedum Center on February 04?
At what time is the Babyface Ray concert?
Who is performing with Tim Heidecker on February 06?
At what time is the Tim Heidecker concert?
Which team is playing at Clearview Arena on February 07?
Who is performing at Benedum Center on February 07?
Which team is playing at UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse on February 07?
At what time is the Syracuse Orange game?
Which team is playing at Heinz Hall on February 08?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra show on February 08?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on February 09?
At what time is the Alan Walker concert?
Which team is playing at PPG Paints Arena on February 13?
At what time is the Lindenwood Lady Lions game?
When is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the event featuring Emanuel Ax at Heinz Hall?
When is the Washington Capitals game against the Pittsburgh Penguins?
What is the name of the venue hosting the Air Force Falcons vs Robert Morris Colonials Men's Hockey game?
Who is performing at the Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music Hall on Feb 22, 2025?
What is the name of the event featuring Sal Vulcano at Heinz Hall?
When is the New York Rangers game against the Pittsburgh Penguins?
Who is performing at the Crafthouse Stage & Grill on Feb 23, 2025?
When is the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets game against the Pittsburgh Panthers Basketball?
Who is performing at the Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music Hall on Feb 25, 2025?
What is the name of the event featuring Elevation Worship & Steven Furtick at PPG Paints Arena?
When is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing at Heinz Hall?
Who is performing at the Pittsburgh Improv on Feb 27, 2025 and Feb 28, 2025?
What is the name of the venue hosting the UMass Minutemen Basketball game?
When is the Nashville Predators game against the Pittsburgh Penguins?
Who is performing at the Stage AE on Feb 1, 2025?
What city is Pittsburgh located in?
Where is Pittsburgh located?
At what junction are 3 rivers located?
Where will Chris Porter perform on February 27, 2025?
What is the name of the tour that will be performing at Pittsburgh Improv on February 28, 2025?
What is the date of the event at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the hockey team that will perform at Stage AE on February 21?
What is the name of the venue that will host Emanuel Ax on February 21?
Which team will perform at PPG Paints Arena on February 22?
Who will perform at Heinz Hall on February 22?
Who will perform at Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music on February 22?
Which team will perform at PPG Paints Arena on February 23?
Who will perform at Crafthouse Stage & Grill on February 23?
Which team will perform at PPG Paints Arena on February 27?
At what time was the Pittsburgh Events calendar last updated?
What type of events can be found on Pittsburgh.events?
Where can you find the best entertainment venues in Pittsburgh?
How can you secure your spot at must-attend Pittsburgh events?
What is the guide to epic events in Pittsburgh?
What type of spirit is Pittsburgh known for in March 2025?
How can you discover your favorite events, check seating charts, and buy tickets?
What guarantee is provided for tickets?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Penguins play?
What is the name of the music hall where Sheng Wang will perform on March 6?
Who is performing at Stage AE on March 1?
What is the name of the event where Kimberly Akimbo will be performed on March 7?
What is the name of the basketball team playing at UPMC Cooper Fieldhouse on March 1?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on March 7?
What is the name of the event where Lang Lang will perform on March 19?
What is the name of the music venue where Quicksand will perform on March 16?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
Who is performing at Benedum Center on March 4?
What is the name of the museum where the Carnegie Museum of Natural History is located?
What is the name of the event where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra will perform on March 8?
What is the name of the basketball team playing at Petersen Events Center on March 8?
What is the name of the music venue where Foil Arms and Hog will perform on March 16?
What is the name of the event where the Vegas Golden Knights will play on March 11?
What is the name of the event where the St. Louis Blues will play on March 13?
What is the name of the event where the New Jersey Devils will play on March 15?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Duquesne Dukes on March 1?
What is the venue of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on March 1?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Stage AE on March 1?
What is the venue of the Toronto Maple Leafs game on March 2?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Duquesne Dukes on March 4?
What is the name of the musical "Kimberly Akimbo" playing at Benedum Center on March 4?
What is the venue of the Sheng Wang performance on March 5?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Pittsburgh Panthers on March 8?
What is the name of the musical "Kimberly Akimbo" playing at Benedum Center on March 8?
What is the venue of the Vegas Golden Knights game on March 9?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Pittsburgh Penguins on March 11?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Cafe at Thunderbird Cafe & Music Hall on March 16?
What is the name of the musical artist performing at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on March 16?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Pittsburgh Penguins on March 18?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on March 18?
What is the name of the basketball team playing against Pittsburgh Penguins on March 19?
What is the venue of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on March 21?
Who is performing at Pittsburgh Improv on March 28, 2025?
What is the name of the orchestra performing at Heinz Hall on March 29, 2025?
What is the name of the venue hosting Ottawa Senators vs. Pittsburgh Penguins on March 30, 2025?
Who is performing at Pittsburgh Improv on March 30, 2025?
What is the name of the fieldhouse hosting George Mason Patriots on March 1, 2025?
What is the name of the artist performing at Stage AE on March 1, 2025?
What is the name of the venue hosting Toronto Maple Leafs on March 2, 2025?
When will Greg Fitzsimmons be performing at the Pittsburgh Improv?
What is the name of the comedy club where Greg Fitzsimmons will be performing?
How many events is Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing at Heinz Hall in March 2025?
What is the name of the basketball team that will be playing at Petersen Events Center on March 8, 2025?
Which artist will be performing at Heinz Hall on March 7, 2025?
How many events is Kimberly Akimbo performing at Benedum Center in March 2025?
What is the name of the music hall where Quicksand will be performing on March 16, 2025?
Which team will be playing at PPG Paints Arena on March 11, 2025?
When will Lang Lang be performing at Heinz Hall?
How many events is Alton Brown performing at Benedum Center in March 2025?
Which team will be playing at PPG Paints Arena on March 18, 2025?
What is the name of the theater where Danae Hays will be performing on March 28, 2025?
Which team will be playing at PPG Paints Arena on March 30, 2025?
What is the name of the neighborhood in Pittsburgh that has the Andy Warhol Museum?
What is the name of the website that provides a guide to epic events in Pittsburgh?
What types of events are available at Pittsburgh.events?
What is the guarantee for buying tickets on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the spirit that Pittsburgh.events aims to discover in April 2025?
What can be found at Pittsburgh.events to spark curiosity?
What is the name of the musical performing at Benedum Center on April 1?
What is the name of the event at PNC Park on April 3?
What time does the event "Peter Pan" start at Benedum Center on April 5?
What is the name of the venue hosting the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on April 4?
What time does the event "Disturbed" start at PPG Paints Arena on April 5?
What is the name of the event at PNC Park on April 6?
What time does the event "Chicago Blackhawks at Pittsburgh Penguins" start at PPG Paints Arena on April 8?
What is the name of the venue hosting the event "Explosions in the Sky" on April 8?
What time does the event "Boston Bruins at Pittsburgh Penguins" start at PPG Paints Arena on April 13?
What is the name of the musical performing at Benedum Center on April 15?
What is the date of the Cleveland Guardians at Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park?
What is the time of the Cleveland Guardians at Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park on April 19?
What is the name of the musical performance at Benedum Center on April 19?
What is the time of the Some Like it Hot performance at Benedum Center on April 19?
What is the name of the musical performance at Benedum Center on April 20?
What is the time of the Some Like it Hot performance at Benedum Center on April 20?
What is the name of the musical performance at Benedum Center on April 20?
What is the time of the Some Like it Hot performance at Benedum Center on April 20?
Who is performing at Event Center at Rivers Casino on April 25?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is performing on April 25?
What is the time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performance at Heinz Hall on April 26?
What is the name of the musical performance at Stage AE on April 29?
What is the time of the Chicago Cubs at Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park on April 30?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Steelers play?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
What is the name of the museum where Brahms & Beethoven will perform on April 26?
What is the name of the city where the Carnegie Museum of Natural History is located?
What is the name of the river that Pittsburgh is situated at the junction of?
When is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing at Heinz Hall?
What is the name of the venue where Monster Energy AMA Supercross will take place on April 26?
What is the name of the event that will take place at Benedum Center on April 17?
What is the name of the venue where Trivium will perform on April 29?
What is the name of the stadium where the Chicago Cubs will play on April 29?
What is the name of the venue where Anjelah Johnson will perform on April 26?
What is the name of the event that will take place at Heinz Hall on April 26?
What is the name of the stadium where the Washington Nationals will play on April 14?
What is the name of the event that will take place at PPG Paints Arena on April 14?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is performing on 10/20/24?
What is the name of the event that will take place at PPG Paints Arena on April 18?
When does the Chicago Cubs at Pittsburgh Pirates event take place?
Where is the Chicago Cubs at Pittsburgh Pirates event held?
What is the starting price of the Chicago Cubs at Pittsburgh Pirates event tickets?
What is the name of the musical performing at Benedum Center on May 02?
What is the starting price of the Come From Away event tickets?
When does the Atlanta Braves at Pittsburgh Pirates event take place?
Where is the Atlanta Braves at Pittsburgh Pirates event held?
What is the starting price of the Atlanta Braves at Pittsburgh Pirates event tickets?
Who is performing at Stage AE on May 09?
What is the starting price of the Larry Fleet event tickets?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on May 09?
What is the starting price of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra event tickets?
When does the Warren Zeiders event take place?
Where is the Warren Zeiders event held?
What is the starting price of the Warren Zeiders event tickets?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on May 16?
What is the starting price of the Bruce Cockburn event tickets?
What is the name of the baseball stadium where the Pittsburgh Pirates play?
What is the name of the musical that is performing at Benedum Center?
What is the name of the artist performing at Stage AE on May 15?
What is the name of the venue where the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs?
Who is performing at City Winery Pittsburgh on May 16?
What is the name of the city in western Pennsylvania at the junction of 3 rivers?
What is the name of the museum where the Carnegie Museum of Natural History is located?
What is the name of the neighborhood where the modern Andy Warhol Museum is located?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Steelers football team plays?
How many events is Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing in May 2025?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 19?
What is the name of the venue where the Puscifer concert is taking place on May 20?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 22?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 25?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 30?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 31?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 1?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 2?
What is the name of the team playing against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 3?
When is the concert of Primus, Puscifer, and A Perfect Circle?
What is the price range of tickets for the concert of Primus, Puscifer, and A Perfect Circle?
At what venue is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing on May 30, 2025?
What is the price range of tickets for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performance on May 30, 2025?
What is the name of the neighborhood where the modern Andy Warhol Museum is located?
What is the name of the football stadium in the North Shore neighborhood?
How many events is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performing at Heinz Hall in May 2025?
What is the name of the guide to epic events in Pittsburgh?
What types of events are listed on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the purpose of Pittsburgh.events?
What can users do on Pittsburgh.events?
What guarantee do users have when buying tickets on Pittsburgh.events?
What is the spirit of Pittsburgh that users will experience in June 2025?
What month is being referred to in the document?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh event guide?
What is the name of the venue for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the name of the event on June 1, 2025, at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra event on June 1, 2025?
Who is performing with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on June 1, 2025?
What is the name of the venue for the Houston Astros game on June 3, 2025?
What is the name of the event on June 4, 2025, at PNC Park?
What is the time of the Houston Astros game on June 4, 2025?
Who is performing at Stage AE on June 6, 2025?
What is the name of the event on June 6, 2025, at Stage AE?
What is the time of the Teddy Swims event on June 6, 2025?
What is the name of the event on June 8, 2025, at Heinz Hall?
What is the time of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra event on June 8, 2025?
What is the name of the venue for the Miami Marlins game on June 9, 2025?
What is the name of the event on June 11, 2025, at Byham Theater?
What is the time of the Sarah Millican event on June 11, 2025?
Who is performing with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on June 13, 2025?
In what state is the city of Pittsburgh located?
What is the name of the stadium where the New York Mets will play?
What is the name of the city mentioned in the document?
In what year will the Texas Rangers play at PNC Park?
What is the name of the stadium where Megan Moroney will perform?
In what year will Megan Moroney perform at Stage AE?
How many events does the St. Louis Cardinals have at PNC Park?
What is the date of the Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park?
Who is performing at Heinz Hall on June 4?
How many upcoming events does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra have at Heinz Hall?
What team is playing at PNC Park on June 9?
Who is performing at Stage AE on June 20?
What team is playing at PNC Park on June 20?
What team is playing at PNC Park on June 27?
How many upcoming events does the St. Louis Cardinals have at PNC Park?
What is the location of the Pittsburgh Pirates game on June 30?
What is the time of the Pittsburgh Pirates game on June 30?
What team is playing at PNC Park on June 30?
What is the name of the neighborhood where PNC Park is located?
What is the name of the museum that speaks to Pittsburgh's history as an early-20th-century industrial capital?
When will the St. Louis Cardinals play at PNC Park?
What is the starting time of the St. Louis Cardinals game on July 1, 2025?
What is the price range of the St. Louis Cardinals game tickets?
What team will play against the Chicago White Sox at PNC Park on July 18, 2025?
What is the starting time of the Dude Perfect event on July 24, 2025?
What is the price range of the Dude Perfect event tickets?
What is the name of the venue where the Dude Perfect event will take place?
When were the Amusement Tax Regulations revised?
What is the rate of amusement tax for events with an admission charge?
What is the amusement tax for an event with an $8.00 admission charge?
What is the tax rate for free or reduced admission events?
What is the tax rate for leases or permanent uses of amusement venues?
What is the definition of "amusement" according to the Amusement Tax Regulations?
What percentage of the amount paid for refreshment, service, and merchandise is considered the amount paid for admission to the amusement?
What percentage of the gross receipts is considered the established price for amusement at a social club or fraternal organization?
What percentage of the total donation, contribution, and other monetary charge is considered the established price for amusement at an Institution of Purely Public Charity?
What type of events are considered Exempt Amusements?
What percentage of the amount paid for admission to the amusement is included in the price paid for refreshment, service, or merchandise at a roof garden, night club, cabaret, bar, brewery, restaurant, or other place?
What type of events are not considered Exempt Amusements if the primary purpose of the event is to market or showcase one or more commercial products?
What type of events are not subject to the Amusement Tax?
What is the maximum interest rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act?
What percentage of understatement of tax liability triggers a 6-year statute of limitations?
What is the penalty rate for each month or fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax?
What is the interest rate for each month or fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax?
What is the maximum time to file a suit when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the time limit to file a suit when no return was filed?
What is the maximum fine for a misdemeanor under Section 505?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a misdemeanor under Section 505?
How many days does a taxpayer, Producer, or Responsible Person have to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving an assessment notice?
Where should the completed petition for reassessment be mailed to?
What is the penalty and interest abatement policy according to 53 Pa.C.S.?
What is the liability of a Responsible Person if the Producer uses trust fund taxes to pay a lawful obligation in bad faith?
What is the liability of a Responsible Person if the Producer uses trust fund taxes to pay a lawful obligation with direct knowledge of the breach of trust?
How many Responsible Persons are jointly and severally liable for unremitted Amusement Tax?
What is the type of tax considered a trust fund asset?
Where should the completed petition be mailed to?
How many days does the Treasurer have to issue its decision?
What is the timeframe for a taxpayer to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County?
What is the timeframe for a Producer or Responsible Person to file a written request for a refund or a credit of the tax?
How many days does a Producer have to review a patron's refund request?
What is the timeframe for the Treasurer to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund?
Who may file a written request for a refund or a credit of the tax?
What document should be included with a patron's written request for refund?
What is the maximum timeframe for the Treasurer to approve an installment payment plan?
What is the time limit to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund if it was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact?
What is the time limit to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund?
What is the address of the Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh Audit?
Where can a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights be downloaded?
What is the name of the act that governs the Treasurer's sale and collection?
What is the name of the act that governs local taxpayer rights?
What is the maximum tax that can be overpaid by a patron?
When did the exemption for Exempt Performing Arts Productions begin?
What is the maximum tax rate on Exempt Performing Arts Productions if the Nonresident Sports Facility Usage Fee is determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected?
What type of organizations qualify as Institutions of Purely Public Charity?
What is the definition of Patron?
What types of activities are not considered amusements?
What is the definition of Place of Amusement?
What types of locations are specifically included within the term of “places of amusement”?
What is the maximum duration of a temporary amusement in the City?
Who willfully fails to remit the proper Amusement Tax to the City?
What is the title of the Director of Finance or the Department of Finance?
What is the fee structure based on for the Amusement Tax Permit?
Who is not considered a Responsible Person?
What is the section of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1954 that the document refers to?
What is the percentage rate of the Amusement Tax?
What is the address of the Bureau of Building Inspection?
What is the phone number of the Bureau of Building Inspection?
What is the website of the Bureau of Building Inspection?
What is the rate of penalty added to the liability for neglecting or failing to comply with tax requirements?
What is the interest rate for late payments of the tax?
How many days prior to any activity must an application for a permit be filed?
What is the frequency of filing tax returns for Producers of the activity?
What is the deadline for filing tax returns for Producers of the activity?
What is the percentage of the total donation, contribution, and other monetary charge that is used to calculate the established price for amusement for tax purposes?
What is the penalty for neglecting to file a report with the City Treasurer?
What is the interest rate for late payments?
What is the tax rate for the general public?
What is the tax rate for Exempt Performing Arts Productions?
What is the age limit for children to be exempt from paying the tax?
What percentage of the total amount paid for food and drink is considered the admission charge?
What is the percentage of the admission charge that is considered the Amusement Tax?
What percentage of the total amount paid for food and drink is the Amusement Tax?
What is the amount of Amusement Tax if a check for food and drink by a party of four amounts to $80.00?
What is considered as the regular established price paid for admission?
What type of charges are taxable as admission charges?
Who is not liable for the tax if admitted free?
What type of persons are not liable for any tax on admission?
How is the tax imposed upon free or reduced admissions paid?
How is the tax computed upon the amount actually paid for a permanent use or lease?
What is the rate of interest added to the unpaid tax?
Who shall collect the tax imposed and be liable to the City's agents for the payment of the same?
What is the rate set forth in Chapter 209 of the Pittsburgh Code?
When was Ordinance 38-1991 effective?
What is the due date for places of permanent amusement?
What is the formula for the Amusement Tax?
What is the tax rate for Amusement Tax?
What percentage of the admission charge is the Amusement Tax?
What percentage of the total sales is the admission charge for food and drink?
What percentage of the admission charge is the imputed Amusement Tax?
When must every Producer conducting a place of amusement transmit a report?
When was the amusement tax provision first effective in Pittsburgh?
What is the percentage of the amusement tax rate in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of the amount paid for refreshment, service, and merchandise is used to impute the admission charge in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of the imputed admission charge is used to calculate the amusement tax in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the chapter in the Pittsburgh Code that deals with amusement tax?
What type of events are considered exempt from amusement tax in Pittsburgh if no live entertainment or recreation is provided?
What is the duty of the Treasurer in Pittsburgh?
What is the period of time that records must be preserved by Producers who collect the Amusement Tax?
What is the authority responsible for issuing a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer or Producer?
What is the maximum period for assessing taxes for deficiency assessments?
What is the authority responsible for examining the books, papers, and records of any Producer or supposed Producer?
What is the purpose of the examination conducted by the Treasurer?
What is the period of time that Producers who collect the Amusement Tax are required to keep records?
What is the authority responsible for collecting and receiving taxes, fines, and penalties imposed by the City Code?
What is the tax rate imposed on the privilege of conducting or operating a service or service institution in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the current text of the Ordinance found in?
Who should submit questions relating to specific institutions and specific institution operations not answered in these Regulations?
What is the address of the City Treasurer?
What is the meaning of "Gross Receipts" as used in the Ordinance?
What is the period used in calculating the tax?
What is the tax rate as measured by gross receipts derived from all service transactions?
What is the name of the tax code that the regulated financial institution under is governed by?
What is the section of the Pennsylvania Statutes that defines the Non-Profit Corporation Law of 1988?
What is the name of the law that defines the Pennsylvania Uniform Unincorporated Nonprofit Association Law?
What is the name of the tax that the City does not collect at this time?
What is the name of the tax that the City does not collect at this time?
What is the name of the tax that the City prohibits from taxing by reason of federal law, the Constitution of the United States, or the laws of the Commonwealth?
What is the name of the tax that the City excludes from "Gross Receipts"?
What is the definition of a "person" in 26 U.S.C. § 501 (c) (3)?
What is the definition of an "Institution of Purely Public Charity"?
What is evidence that a person is an "Institution of Purely Public Charity"?
What is the definition of a "Taxable Institution"?
What is the definition of a "Tax Year"?
Who must file a return under Section 102?
What is the definition of a "Treasurer"?
What is the definition of "Taxpayer"?
What is the definition of "Tax Year"?
What is the rate of tax for proprietors of restaurants and other places where food, drink, and refreshments are served?
What is the rate of tax for all other taxpayers?
What is the penalty for not paying the tax when due?
What is the interest rate for not paying the tax when due?
When is the payment of tax due for new businesses?
What is the tax rate in mills per dollar of annual receipts?
What is the interest rate added to the tax amount per month?
What is the penalty rate added to the tax amount per month?
What is the deadline for filing a return for taxpayers who commenced service at least one full year prior to the beginning of the tax year?
What is the deadline for filing a return for taxpayers who commenced service less than one full year prior to the beginning of the tax year?
What is the deadline for filing a return for taxpayers who commenced service subsequent to the beginning of the tax year?
What is the duration for filing a suit for collection of taxes when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the duration for filing a suit for collection of taxes when no return was filed?
What is the duration for filing a suit for collection of taxes in the case of a deficiency assessment?
What percentage factor is zero if the taxpayer only has one office in the Commonwealth and that office is in the City?
What is the numerator of the Payroll percentage factor if the taxpayer only has one office in the Commonwealth and that office is in the City?
What is the numerator of the Property percentage factor if the taxpayer only has one office in the Commonwealth and that office is in the City?
What is the denominator of the City Apportionment percentage if one of the percentage factors is zero?
What is the denominator of the City Apportionment percentage if two of the percentage factors are zero?
How is leased property recorded as an item of tangible property?
What is the practice to be followed for the definition of Sales if additional guidance is required?
What is the period of limitations to file a suit for the collection of taxes when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the period of limitations to file a suit for the collection of taxes when no return was filed?
What is the rate of penalty for non-payment of taxes?
What is the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act for interest rate assessed?
What is the fine for making a false or untrue statement on the return?
How many years is the period of limitations to file a suit for the collection of taxes when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more?
What is the maximum fine for failing to file a return required by the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance?
How long can a person be imprisoned for not filing a return required by the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance?
What is the maximum fine for willfully failing or refusing to file a return required by the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance?
How long can a person be imprisoned for willfully failing or refusing to file a return required by the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance?
How many days does a taxpayer have to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving a notice of assessment?
How many days does the Treasurer have to issue its decision after receiving a complete and accurate petition form?
How many days does a person have to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County after receiving a notice of the Treasurer's decision?
How long does a taxpayer have to file a written request for a refund or a credit of the tax after actual payment of the tax?
What is the timeframe for a Taxpayer to request a refund if no report is required?
How long does a Taxpayer have to file a written request for a refund after receiving a notice asserting an underpayment?
What is the process for a person or institution to receive a refund for the prorated amount of the tax paid?
What is the formula to compute the tax for a person who discontinues services before payment of its tax becomes due?
What is the timeframe for a Taxpayer to file a written request for a refund if they have overpaid the Privilege Tax?
What is the address of the Treasurer's office where a Taxpayer can request a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
What is the website where a Taxpayer can download the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
When did the City of Pittsburgh Local Services Tax Regulations become effective?
What is the revised date of the City of Pittsburgh Local Services Tax Regulations?
What is the maximum earned income for an individual to be exempt from the Local Services Tax in Pittsburgh?
Who is the authority responsible for tax administration in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the time frame for the Local Services Tax?
Who is subject to the Local Services Tax?
What is the amount of the Local Services Tax?
What is the rate of the Local Services Tax?
How is the Local Services Tax assessed?
What is the number of payroll periods for the employer to divide the rate of the Local Services Tax?
What is the minimum total earned income and net profits for exemption from the Local Services Tax?
What is the name of the department responsible for tax administration in the City?
What is the URL for downloading the LST form and exemption certificate?
How is the Local Service Tax (LST) deducted from the employee's pay?
What is the employer's responsibility when an employee earns $12,000 or more?
Can an employer withhold the LST if an employee expects to earn less than $12,000?
What happens if an employee files an exemption certificate and later earns more than $12,000?
Can an employee with two part-time jobs, one in the City and another in Municipality "A", pay the LST?
How much LST should be withheld from an employee who earns $10,000 a month and works 26 pay periods in the City?
Does an employee who earns $10,000 a month and works only in the City from July to December owe the LST?
Which job should be considered the principal job when an employee has two part-time jobs with different pay rates?
What is the amount of the Local Services Tax?
When should an employer register with the City?
How often should employers remit the Local Services Tax?
What is the deadline for filing a return of taxes deducted for each three-month period?
What is the deadline for filing a return and paying the tax if an employer discontinues business or ceases operation?
What is the deadline for an employer to deduct the tax if an employee files an Exemption certificate late?
How many months does an employee work in the City in question 10?
What is the amount an employee earns in the City in question 10?
Is a self-employed person or partner who has an office in the City or who works out of his home located in the City subject to the LST?
How often should self-employed individuals or partners pay the LST?
What is the phone number to contact the City of Pittsburgh Finance Department?
What is the due date for the first quarter (January 1 thru March 31) of the Local Services Tax?
What is the due date for the second quarter (April 1 thru June 30) of the Local Services Tax?
What is the due date for the third quarter (July 1 thru September 30) of the Local Services Tax?
What is the due date for the fourth quarter (October 1 thru December 31) of the Local Services Tax?
How many days does an employer have to file the return and pay the tax after discontinuing business or ceasing operation?
What is the minimum earned income and/or net profits for an employee to be exempt from the Local Services Tax?
How much is the penalty for each month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid?
What is the maximum penalty for the tax remains unpaid?
How many payroll periods must an employer withhold the Local Services Tax for an employee who provides a pay stub from their principal employer?
What is the amount of tax that an employer must withhold as a "catch-up" lump sum when restarting withholding of the Local Services Tax?
What is the rate of interest added and collected when an employer fails to pay the LST tax on time?
What is the penalty added and collected when an employer fails to pay the LST tax on time?
What is the maximum penalty added and collected when an employer fails to pay the LST tax on time?
What is the quarterly tax payment deadline for self-employed individuals and partners who did not have the tax withheld?
What is the amount of the LST tax that self-employed individuals and partners who did not have the tax withheld need to pay?
How many jobs in different political subdivisions does a taxpayer need to have for the priority of claim to collect the LST to be determined?
What is the priority of claim to collect the LST when a taxpayer has two or more jobs in different political subdivisions?
What is the timeframe for a taxpayer or employer to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents?
What is the period of time required to preserve records by employers?
What is the timeframe for a taxpayer or employer to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents?
What is the maximum period of assessment for deficiency assessments?
What is the maximum period of assessment for cases where no return was filed?
What is the period of time for a suit to begin to recover the tax due and unpaid when a return was filed but no tax paid?
What is the period of time for a suit to begin to recover the tax due and unpaid when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more?
What is the period of time for a suit to begin to recover the tax due and unpaid when the return is fraudulent?
What is the rate of interest on the Local Services Tax?
What is the maximum penalty for not paying the Local Services Tax?
What is the rate of penalty for each month of unpaid Local Services Tax?
What is the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act for interest?
How many years does the taxpayer have to pay the Local Services Tax after a deficiency assessment?
When is there no limitation for the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due?
What is the additional time allowed for a suit when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more?
What is the maximum fine for violating the applicable provisions of the City Code?
How many days can a person be imprisoned for failing to pay the fine?
What is the time limit for a taxpayer to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving a notice of assessment?
What is the timeframe to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving an assessment notice?
Where should the completed petition for a Treasurer's Hearing be mailed to?
How long does the Treasurer have to issue its decision after receiving the taxpayer's complete and accurate petition form?
Within what timeframe must a taxpayer appeal the Treasurer's decision to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County?
How long does a taxpayer have to file a written request for a refund or a credit of the Local Services Tax?
How long is a refund made within 75 days of a refund request or 75 days after the last day the employer is required to remit the local services tax exempt from interest?
What is the timeframe for a taxpayer to file a written request for a refund of amounts paid as a result of a notice assessing or informing a taxpayer of an underpayment?
What is the timeframe to file a written request for a refund?
What is the maximum timeframe for refunds to be issued without interest?
What is the address to request a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
What is the zip code of the address to request a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
What is the document title that contains the refund request and issuance rules?
What is the section number that deals with savings clause and severability?
What is the URL to download the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
When was the Local Tax Enabling Act passed?
What is the maximum tax rate on parking transactions?
What is the address of the Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the Principal responsibility for tax administration in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the role of the Deputy Director of Finance?
What is the definition of CONSIDERATION in the regulations?
What is the definition of GROSS COLLECTIONS in the regulations?
What is considered as a consideration in the context of Taxable Valet Parking Services?
What is the definition of Dwelling Unit?
What is the definition of Gross Collections?
What is the definition of Operator?
What is the definition of Valet Parking Services?
What is the time limit for filing a suit to recover tax due and unpaid when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What percentage understatement of tax liability requires suit to be filed within 6 years after the return was due or filed?
Where can a taxpayer request an installment payment plan?
How many days does a taxpayer have to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving an assessment notice?
Where should a taxpayer mail the completed petition for a Treasurer's Hearing?
How many days does the Treasurer have to issue a decision after receiving a complete and accurate petition form?
In what court can a person appeal a final decision of the Treasurer following a Treasurer's Hearing?
What is the time limit for filing an appeal against a final decision of the Treasurer?
What happens if a taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of an installment payment plan?
When will the Treasurer issue its decision?
How many days does a person have to appeal the Treasurer's decision to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County?
What is the timeframe for an operator to file a written request for a refund or a credit of the overpaid tax?
What is the address to request a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
What is the website to download the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
What is the timeframe for a written request for a refund for amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a taxpayer of an underpayment?
What is the timeframe for a tax return filed by the taxpayer to be deemed a written request for a cash refund?
What is the rate of tax imposed on parking transactions?
What is the rate of tax that may be changed by the legislative actions of the Mayor and City Council?
What is the maximum rate of tax permitted by the Municipal Pension Plan Funding Standard and Recovery Act?
What is the simplified calculation method for computing tax?
What is the rate of tax used for calculation of total payment?
What is the calculation method for total payment where there is a surcharge?
Who is required to hold a Valet parking license from the Director of Mobility and Infrastructure?
What is the tax rate imposed on parking transactions in Pittsburgh?
What is the surcharge added to the base parking fee in Pittsburgh?
What is the total payment collected by the operator when the tax rate is 37.5% and the surcharge is $10 for a base parking fee of $1,000?
What is the total payment collected by the operator when the tax rate is 37.5% and the surcharge is $10 for a base parking fee of $1,550?
How often must each operator file returns for the preceding month?
What is the fee that an operator must pay to the Treasurer for each missing or unaccounted for ticket?
What is the address of the Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh Department of Finance?
Where can forms for returns be obtained from?
What is the address of the TREASURER, CITY OF PITTSBURGH DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE?
Who must personally sign the return if an operator is an individual?
What is required for a corporation to sign the return?
How often must an operator file returns?
What is the deadline to file returns?
Who does the Treasurer reserve the right to make spot checks of returns filed to?
What is the purpose of the Treasurer making corrections on the face of the return?
What is the Treasurer's right to make refunds or credits based on the self-assessed returns?
What is required to be kept by each operator separately with respect to each parking place?
What is the duration for which parking facility records must be retained?
What is required for a parking facility to display evidence of the parking transaction on each vehicle?
What is the requirement for a parking facility that uses mechanically issued tickets?
What is required for a parking facility that uses parking meters activated by a coin or token?
What is the condition for a non-residential parking place to be required to install an electro-mechanical device?
What is the requirement for a parking facility to issue tickets to lease customers?
Who must approve mechanical or electro-mechanical devices or methods for counting, registering, and recording parking transaction information?
What is the parking tax included in the hourly rate?
What is the parking tax included in the daily rate?
What is the parking tax included in the weekly lease rate?
What is the parking tax included in the annual lease rate?
What is the fee for 1 hour parking?
What is the fee for 2 hours parking?
What is the fee for 3 hours parking?
What is the fee for All Day Parking?
What is the fee for Special Events?
What is the maximum number of cars that could be parked in the parking place?
What is the maximum period of record retention required by the Parking Tax regulations?
What is the fee for All Day Parking?
What is the fee for Weekly Leases?
What is the fee for Monthly Leases?
What is the fee for Annual Leases?
What is the maximum period of assessment for deficiency assessments where a return was filed?
What is the maximum period of assessment for deficiency assessments where no return was filed?
What is the period of time to preserve tax records?
What is the rate of penalty per month for unpaid Parking Tax?
What is the maximum rate of penalty for unpaid Parking Tax?
What is the rate of interest per month for delinquent tax balance?
What is the maximum rate of interest allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act?
What is the time period for a taxpayer to respond to written requests for information?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for a misdemeanor of the third degree?
What is the fine for the first occurrence of a misdemeanor of the third degree?
What is the maximum fine for a misdemeanor of the second degree?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for a misdemeanor of the second degree?
What is the fine for the first occurrence of a misdemeanor of the second degree?
What is the fine for the first occurrence of failing to permit the Treasurer to examine the books, records, or accounts?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for failing to permit the Treasurer to examine the books, records, or accounts?
How many years does a suit have to be filed within to recover the tax due and unpaid when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for a misdemeanor?
What is the maximum fine for a misdemeanor?
What is the name of the act that provides the evidence required by 10 P.S. § 376(a)?
When was the Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act passed?
What is the name of the Local Tax Enabling Act?
When were the Payroll Tax Regulations revised and effective?
What is the name of the organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to the Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act?
What is the name of the document that outlines the Payroll Tax Regulations?
What is the date when the revised Payroll Tax Regulations became effective?
What is the definition of a Partner or Self-employed person's Compensation?
What is the term for a temporary capital account set up in the name of a Partner or Self-employed person?
What is the definition of an Employee under this tax?
What is the definition of an Employer under this regulation?
What is the definition of an Exempt Employer?
What is the definition of Guaranteed Payments?
What is the Internal Revenue Code referenced in the document?
What is the timeframe for requesting a refund or credit of the Payroll Tax?
What is the timeframe for requesting a refund if no report is required?
What is the timeframe for filing a written request for a refund after receiving a notice asserting or informing a Taxpayer of an underpayment?
How long does the Treasurer have to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund?
How long can the Treasurer defer further collection action under an installment payment plan?
Where can a copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights be requested in writing?
What is the URL for downloading the Taxpayer Bill of Rights?
When was the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 enacted?
What is the year that the regulations in effect on January 1, 2020, refer to?
What is the name of the code that defines a "Corporation"?
What is the section of the Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax Return Guide that the Treasurer will follow?
What is the name of the tax accounting method used to report taxable income for Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax purposes?
What is the minimum number of owners required for an entity to be considered a Partnership?
What is the definition of Earned Income?
Who is considered a Self-employed individual?
What is the duration of a Temporary Seasonal or Itinerant Business in the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the method of computing payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the Tax Year?
Who is considered a Taxpayer?
What is the definition of a Person?
What is the definition of a Temporary Seasonal or Itinerant Business?
What is the definition of Taxable Distributions for a Self-employed person?
What is the name of the tax levied pursuant to the City Code, Title II, Article VII, Chapter 258 in Pittsburgh?
What is the rate of tax for the Payroll Tax in Pittsburgh?
What is the method of computing payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh?
How long does an employer have to file a return and pay the tax if it conducts business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary, seasonal, or itinerant basis?
What is the formula that Partners and Self-employed individuals who have Compensation from sources within and without Pennsylvania may use to apportion their Compensation to the City?
What is the time period for which data supporting the formula used to apportion Taxable Distributions must be maintained for Partners and Self-employed individuals?
What is the period of time for which an employer that ceases to carry on a Business during any tax quarter may be entitled to receive a prorated refund of the tax paid?
When is the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter due for 2016 and thereafter?
What is the deadline for a new business to register with the City of Pittsburgh?
How many days does a person have to provide a final return after discontinuing business?
What is the total number of days in the current quarter for apportioning the tax?
What is the Payroll Tax rate for Employers?
What is the Payroll Tax rate for Employees?
When does a person who discontinues business during any tax quarter pay an amount to be computed by multiplying the Payroll Expense for the preceding tax quarter?
What is the numerator for the fraction used to compute the tax for a person who discontinues business during any tax quarter?
What is the denominator for the fraction used to compute the tax for a person who discontinues business during any tax quarter?
What is the date used to determine whether an activity is related to the charitable purposes for which the Institution was formed or unrelated under Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code?
When is the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter due for the years 2005-2015?
When is the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter due for the years 2016 and thereafter?
What is the interest rate on unpaid tax?
What is the penalty for unpaid tax?
Who is responsible for collecting and receiving taxes, fines, and penalties imposed by the City Code?
What is the duty of the Treasurer to keep?
What is the time limit for an Employer to file and pay tax after discontinuing business or ceasing operation?
What is the location where the Treasurer may require Taxpayers to make records available?
What is the minimum period of time that Taxpayers must preserve their records?
How many calendar days does a Taxpayer have to respond to audit notices?
What percentage of understatement of tax liability requires suit to be begun within 6 years?
What is the maximum period of assessment for deficiency assessments where no fraud is found?
What is the maximum period of assessment for deficiency assessments where fraud is found?
What is the maximum period of assessment for cases where no return was filed?
How long does the Treasurer have to file a suit for the collection of taxes when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
When does a suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid need to be filed?
When no return was filed, is there a limit to file suit for the collection of taxes?
What is the rate of interest on the amount of tax when the Payroll Tax is not paid when due?
What is the penalty for each month or fraction of a month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid?
What is the maximum fine for an employer who willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the employer's return?
What is the maximum fine for an employer who willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by this chapter?
What is the maximum fine for a person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or his agent in person with the Employer's books, records, or accounts for examination?
What is the rate of penalty for each month or fraction of a month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid?
How many years must suit be begun within when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five (25%) or more, and not due to fraud?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for an employer who willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the employer's return?
What is the maximum fine for violating the Local Tax Enabling Act?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for violating the Local Tax Enabling Act?
What is the maximum fine for failing to appear before the Treasurer or his agent?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for failing to appear before the Treasurer or his agent?
How many days does a Taxpayer have to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving a notice of assessment?
How many days does the Treasurer have to issue a decision after receiving a complete and accurate petition form?
How many days does a person have to appeal the Treasurer's decision to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County?
How many years does a Taxpayer have to file a written request for a refund or credit of the Payroll Tax?
How many years does a Taxpayer have to file a written request for a refund of an underpayment notice?
What is the maximum amount of time the Treasurer will abate penalties and interest?
Who is the Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the sports stadium located at 1001-1035 5th Ave?
What is the name of the sports stadium located at 100 Art Rooney Dr?
What is the name of the sports stadium located at 115 Federal St?
What is the name of the sports stadium located at 3719 Terrace St?
What is the name of the sports stadium located at 400 N Shore Dr?
What is the name of the convention center located at 1000 Fort Duquesne Blvd?
What is the rate of the usage fee?
What is the name of the legislation that authorizes the Treasurer to prescribe regulations?
What is the rate of the Sports Facility Usage Fee?
Who serves as the City Treasurer?
What is the allocation method for members of professional football teams?
What is the allocation method for Non-Player Personnel?
Who must file the usage fee?
What is the time frame for the usage fee?
How long does the Person, venue, or entity acting on behalf of the Publicly Funded Facility have to provide the Finance Department with relevant contracts?
What is the deadline for a Qualified Managing Entity to register with the Treasurer?
What is the frequency of payment for the usage fee?
What is the due date for filing a return on a form prescribed by the Treasurer for Qualified Managing Entities?
What is exempt from income tax imposed by a City of the second class?
What is the power of the Treasurer in the Code?
What is the duty of the Treasurer in the Code?
What is the frequency of providing a copy of applicable City Code, City Regulations, and current policies to Publicly Funded Facilities?
What is the period for preserving records of the Usage Fee?
What percentage of the usage fee is the penalty rate per month?
What is the maximum aggregate penalty for unpaid usage fee?
What is the maximum number of years for deficiency notices if a return has been filed?
What is the period for deficiency notices if no return has been filed?
What percentage of the usage fee is added as penalty for underpayments?
Who is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a user?
What is the maximum aggregate amount that the usage fee can exceed when unpaid?
What is the penalty rate described in Section 50 2 (a)?
What is the fine for a Qualified Managing Entity who willfully fails to collect or truthfully account for and remit the Usage Fee to the City?
What is the fine for a Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party who negligently or willfully refuses to file a Usage Fee return?
What is the fine for a Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party who negligently or willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the Usage Fee return?
What is the fine for a Person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer in person with the requested books, records, accounts, or other materials when required by the Code?
How many years does the Treasurer have to file a suit to recover the usage fee due and unpaid when a return has been filed but no usage fee paid?
What is the maximum time limit to file a suit for the collection of usage fees when a return has been filed but no usage fee paid?
What is the time limit to file a suit for the collection of usage fees when a return has been filed but no usage fee paid, if the return is fraudulent?
What is the time limit to file a suit for the collection of usage fees when there is an understatement of liability of 25% or more, and not due to fraud?
What is the time limit to file a suit for the collection of usage fees when no return was filed?
When will the San Francisco Giants play at PNC Park?
What is the price of tickets for the San Francisco Giants game?
How many San Francisco Giants games are scheduled at PNC Park?
When will the Cincinnati Reds play at PNC Park?
What is the price of tickets for the Cincinnati Reds game?
How many Cincinnati Reds games are scheduled at PNC Park?
When will the Toronto Blue Jays play at PNC Park?
What is the price of tickets for the Toronto Blue Jays game?
How many Toronto Blue Jays games are scheduled at PNC Park?
When will the Colorado Rockies play at PNC Park?
What is the price of tickets for the Colorado Rockies game?
How many Colorado Rockies games are scheduled at PNC Park?
When will the Texas Tailgaters play at PNC Park?
What is the price of tickets for the Texas Tailgaters game?
How many Texas Tailgaters games are scheduled at PNC Park?
When will the Los Angeles Dodgers play at PNC Park?
What is the fee for tickets to the Los Angeles Dodgers game at PNC Park?
How many tickets are available for the Los Angeles Dodgers game at PNC Park on Sep 02, 2025?
What teams will play at PNC Park on Sep 05, 2025?
What is the fee for tickets to the Milwaukee Brewers game at PNC Park?
How many tickets are available for the Milwaukee Brewers game at PNC Park on Sep 06, 2025?
What is the name of the baseball stadium in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the neighborhood in Pittsburgh that is home to PNC Park?
What is the title awarded to Pittsburgh by Sporting News magazine?
What is the name of the award that Pittsburgh won in the USA TODAY 10 Best Reader's Choice poll?
What is the name of the stadium where the Pittsburgh Steelers play?
What is the capacity of Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the Pirates' stadium?
What is the capacity of PNC Park?
What is the name of the Penguins' stadium?
What is the capacity of PPG Paints Arena?
When did the Penguins have a record-setting sellout streak?
What is the name of the new USL W League team competing at the pre-professional level?
When was Highmark Stadium opened?
What is the capacity of Highmark Stadium?
What is a Riverhound?
What is the name of the luxury box at Highmark Stadium?
How many people can the On-Field Party Box seat?
When will the Riverhounds ownership group have an all-new USL W League team?
What is the name of the museum at the Senator John Heinz History Center?
What is the name of the historic firehouse that holds Roberto Clemente memorabilia?
What is the name of the 10-day festival of motorsport events?
Where is the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix held?
What is the name of the stadium where the Steelers play?
What is the name of the festival that celebrates the Steelers' 90 years of history?
What is the name of the guide for Steelers fans visiting Acrisure Stadium?
What is the name of the luxury arena where the Penguins play?
When was Carnegie Mellon University founded?
What is the ranking of Carnegie Mellon University in the Times Higher Education World University Ranking in 2023?
What is the number of students representing 126 countries at Carnegie Mellon University?
What percentage of Carnegie Mellon University's first-year students in computer science were women in 2019?
What is the number of companies that have been greenlighted across the U.S. and internationally by Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the computer programming language invented by James Gosling, a Carnegie Mellon University alumnus?
What is the name of the fiber invented by Stephanie Kwolek, a Carnegie Mellon University alumna?
What is the number of downloads of Duolingo, an app invented by a Carnegie Mellon University professor, in 12 months?
What is the number of centers supported by the leading university center for cybersecurity at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the year when the world's first university robotics department was founded at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the number of startups launched by the CMU community?
What is the number of spinoff companies created by the CMU community?
What is the number of Academy Awards won by Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
What is the number of members of the National Academy of Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the number of Nobel Laureates at Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the number of Emmy Awards won by Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
What is the number of Tony Awards won by Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
What is the number of Turing Awards won by Carnegie Mellon University alumni?
Who is the President of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer?
Who is the Chair of the Board of Trustees?
What is the name of the Vice President for University Communications and Marketing?
Who is the Vice Provost for Institutional Effectiveness and Planning?
Who is the Dean of the Heinz College?
